Is this the cave with the goblins?
Yes, it is. It was, until lately.
Where did the goblins go?
Oh, they didn't last in this damp cave environment.
Goblins don't like caves?
Mold and water degrade the fibers.
The... goblin... fibers?
Yes. See their rotted remains on the floor there?
They just rotted where they stood?
We hung them, actually. Buy yes, all our valuable Gobelins, destroyed.
How gruesome--wait, what?
It really was a poor choice bringing them down here.
You are talking about actual goblins, right?
Completely genuine. Back then we didn't know that deep in the earth is no place for 15th century Parisian tapestry.
Tapestry. I'm afraid I have the wrong place. Do you know of any other... "Gobelin caves"?
Oh, there's one that's much the same just up the passage behind me.

How long have you been stuck in that pot?
Only for the afternoon. I was studying it.
From the inside?
Yes. The exterior is glazed and finished, so from the outside you can't see the patterns that baking infuses in the porcelain.
I see. Pardon me, but I got turned around looking for the Cave of Goblins.
The Gobelin cave? It's back the way you--
Yes, I spoke to that man already. He thought there might be a different one just up the passage.
Oh, haha--no. He is the only collector of Gobelins in this cave network.
There aren't any other 'orthographically similar' chambers are there?
I'm sure I don't know what you mean, but this is the Cave of Gombroon.
Gombroon?
I know, it's not much of a survey--1400s and 1900s with nothing in between, and not even the same medium, but there's rumor of a third curator setting up a transition gallery in the passage.
What's beyond here?
More caves.
Is it okay to move that pot blocking the way?
Sure. Or smash it, if you like. Truth be told I have a lot of these things, and they take up too much room.
...
Don't know what I was thinking, bringing them down here.

What's your name?
It's Gwendolyn.
That's a very nice name.

oh, hey, that's a really good flashlight. 
could I borrow it for my mother? 
she goes through like a quarter mile of totally dark cave to and from work every day. 
it's slow and kind of hard, she even has scratches and bumps from the hard places.
if you don't need it, just leave it with me in this room.
i'll put it to good use
she'll love it

Everything is frozen, as if in time.
  It can be changed, but only a little.
    I suppose it is actually many moments.
      Catch the ones you can and leave the rest.
      If you find one you like, you can leave it that way.
  It's a specific moment. But is it the right moment?
    You'll know when it is. Until then, keep changing things.
      It's up to you when to leave the caves.
        I don't know if anyone else will come down here.
          Not for a while, at least.
          Not for 10,000 years.
        You probably don't have to go ever.
          You can just stay here, for all time.
      If it weren't for you, some things would never change.
        They would be the same forever.
        They wouldn't ever be interfered with.
        
[("Gorasgwrn", "Gwendolyn", "Gloriann"),
("Glain", "Gwaeddan", "Gadarine"),
("Gaetane", "Galiene", "Gerhardeen"),
("Glorien", "Goshen", "Gibbethon"),
("Gretchen", "Guillelmine", "Garabine"),
("Gihon", "Gudrun", "Gefen"),
("Ghislaine", "Gelsomine", "Gath-Rimmon")]


