The sun had not yet risen.  The sea was indistinguishable from the
sky, except that the sea was slightly creased as if a cloth had
wrinkles in it.  Gradually as the sky whitened a dark line lay on
the horizon dividing the sea from the sky and the grey cloth became
barred with thick strokes moving, one after another, beneath the
surface, following each other, pursuing each other, perpetually.

As they neared the shore each bar rose, heaped itself, broke and
swept a thin veil of white water across the sand.  The wave paused,
and then drew out again, sighing like a sleeper whose breath comes
and goes unconsciously.  Gradually the dark bar on the horizon
became clear as if the sediment in an old wine-bottle had sunk and
left the glass green.  Behind it, too, the sky cleared as if the
white sediment there had sunk, or as if the arm of a woman couched
beneath the horizon had raised a lamp and flat bars of white, green
and yellow spread across the sky like the blades of a fan.  Then
she raised her lamp higher and the air seemed to become fibrous and
to tear away from the green surface flickering and flaming in red
and yellow fibres like the smoky fire that roars from a bonfire.
Gradually the fibres of the burning bonfire were fused into one
haze, one incandescence which lifted the weight of the woollen grey
sky on top of it and turned it to a million atoms of soft blue.
The surface of the sea slowly became transparent and lay rippling
and sparkling until the dark stripes were almost rubbed out.
Slowly the arm that held the lamp raised it higher and then higher
until a broad flame became visible; an arc of fire burnt on the rim
of the horizon, and all round it the sea blazed gold.

The light struck upon the trees in the garden, making one leaf
transparent and then another.  One bird chirped high up; there was
a pause; another chirped lower down.  The sun sharpened the walls
of the house, and rested like the tip of a fan upon a white blind
and made a blue finger-print of shadow under the leaf by the
bedroom window.  The blind stirred slightly, but all within was dim
and unsubstantial.  The birds sang their blank melody outside.




'I see a ring,' said Bernard, 'hanging above me.  It quivers and
hangs in a loop of light.'

'I see a slab of pale yellow,' said Susan, 'spreading away until it
meets a purple stripe.'

'I hear a sound,' said Rhoda, 'cheep, chirp; cheep chirp; going up
and down.'

'I see a globe,' said Neville, 'hanging down in a drop against the
enormous flanks of some hill.'

'I see a crimson tassel,' said Jinny, 'twisted with gold threads.'

'I hear something stamping,' said Louis.  'A great beast's foot is
chained.  It stamps, and stamps, and stamps.'

'Look at the spider's web on the corner of the balcony,' said
Bernard.  'It has beads of water on it, drops of white light.'

'The leaves are gathered round the window like pointed ears,' said
Susan.

'A shadow falls on the path,' said Louis, 'like an elbow bent.'

'Islands of light are swimming on the grass,' said Rhoda.  'They
have fallen through the trees.'

'The birds' eyes are bright in the tunnels between the leaves,'
said Neville.

'The stalks are covered with harsh, short hairs,' said Jinny, 'and
drops of water have stuck to them.'

'A caterpillar is curled in a green ring,' said Susan, 'notched
with blunt feet.'

'The grey-shelled snail draws across the path and flattens the
blades behind him,' said Rhoda.

'And burning lights from the window-panes flash in and out on the
grasses,' said Louis.

'Stones are cold to my feet,' said Neville.  'I feel each one,
round or pointed, separately.'

'The back of my hand burns,' said Jinny, 'but the palm is clammy
and damp with dew.'

'Now the cock crows like a spurt of hard, red water in the white
tide,' said Bernard.

'Birds are singing up and down and in and out all round us,' said
Susan.

'The beast stamps; the elephant with its foot chained; the great
brute on the beach stamps,' said Louis.

'Look at the house,' said Jinny, 'with all its windows white with
blinds.'

'Cold water begins to run from the scullery tap,' said Rhoda, 'over
the mackerel in the bowl.'

'The walls are cracked with gold cracks,' said Bernard, 'and there
are blue, finger-shaped shadows of leaves beneath the windows.'

'Now Mrs Constable pulls up her thick black stockings,' said Susan.

'When the smoke rises, sleep curls off the roof like a mist,' said
Louis.

'The birds sang in chorus first,' said Rhoda.  'Now the scullery
door is unbarred.  Off they fly.  Off they fly like a fling of
seed.  But one sings by the bedroom window alone.'

'Bubbles form on the floor of the saucepan,' said Jinny.  'Then
they rise, quicker and quicker, in a silver chain to the top.'

'Now Billy scrapes the fish-scales with a jagged knife on to a
wooden board,' said Neville.

'The dining-room window is dark blue now,' said Bernard, 'and the
air ripples above the chimneys.'

'A swallow is perched on the lightning-conductor,' said Susan.
'And Biddy has smacked down the bucket on the kitchen flags.'

'That is the first stroke of the church bell,' said Louis.  'Then
the others follow; one, two; one, two; one, two.'

'Look at the table-cloth, flying white along the table,' said
Rhoda.  'Now there are rounds of white china, and silver streaks
beside each plate.'

'Suddenly a bee booms in my ear,' said Neville.  'It is here; it is
past.'

'I burn, I shiver,' said Jinny, 'out of this sun, into this
shadow.'

'Now they have all gone,' said Louis.  'I am alone.  They have gone
into the house for breakfast, and I am left standing by the wall
among the flowers.  It is very early, before lessons.  Flower after
flower is specked on the depths of green.  The petals are
harlequins.  Stalks rise from the black hollows beneath.  The
flowers swim like fish made of light upon the dark, green waters.
I hold a stalk in my hand.  I am the stalk.  My roots go down to
the depths of the world, through earth dry with brick, and damp
earth, through veins of lead and silver.  I am all fibre.  All
tremors shake me, and the weight of the earth is pressed to my
ribs.  Up here my eyes are green leaves, unseeing.  I am a boy in
grey flannels with a belt fastened by a brass snake up here.  Down
there my eyes are the lidless eyes of a stone figure in a desert by
the Nile.  I see women passing with red pitchers to the river; I
see camels swaying and men in turbans.  I hear tramplings,
tremblings, stirrings round me.

'Up here Bernard, Neville, Jinny and Susan (but not Rhoda) skim the
flower-beds with their nets.  They skim the butterflies from the
nodding tops of the flowers.  They brush the surface of the world.
Their nets are full of fluttering wings.  "Louis!  Louis!  Louis!"
they shout.  But they cannot see me.  I am on the other side of the
hedge.  There are only little eye-holes among the leaves.  Oh Lord,
let them pass.  Lord, let them lay their butterflies on a pocket-
handkerchief on the gravel.  Let them count out their tortoise-
shells, their red admirals and cabbage whites.  But let me be
unseen.  I am green as a yew tree in the shade of the hedge.  My
hair is made of leaves.  I am rooted to the middle of the earth.
My body is a stalk.  I press the stalk.  A drop oozes from the hole
at the mouth and slowly, thickly, grows larger and larger.  Now
something pink passes the eyehole.  Now an eye-beam is slid through
the chink.  Its beam strikes me.  I am a boy in a grey flannel
suit.  She has found me.  I am struck on the nape of the neck.  She
has kissed me.  All is shattered.'

'I was running,' said Jinny, 'after breakfast.  I saw leaves moving
in a hole in the hedge.  I thought "That is a bird on its nest."  I
parted them and looked; but there was no bird on a nest.  The
leaves went on moving.  I was frightened.  I ran past Susan, past
Rhoda, and Neville and Bernard in the tool-house talking.  I cried
as I ran, faster and faster.  What moved the leaves?  What moves my
heart, my legs?  And I dashed in here, seeing you green as a bush,
like a branch, very still, Louis, with your eyes fixed.  "Is he
dead?" I thought, and kissed you, with my heart jumping under my
pink frock like the leaves, which go on moving, though there is
nothing to move them.  Now I smell geraniums; I smell earth mould.
I dance.  I ripple.  I am thrown over you like a net of light.  I
lie quivering flung over you.'

'Through the chink in the hedge,' said Susan, 'I saw her kiss him.
I raised my head from my flower-pot and looked through a chink in
the hedge.  I saw her kiss him.  I saw them, Jinny and Louis,
kissing.  Now I will wrap my agony inside my pocket-handkerchief.
It shall be screwed tight into a ball.  I will go to the beech wood
alone, before lessons.  I will not sit at a table, doing sums.  I
will not sit next Jinny and next Louis.  I will take my anguish and
lay it upon the roots under the beech trees.  I will examine it and
take it between my fingers.  They will not find me.  I shall eat
nuts and peer for eggs through the brambles and my hair will be
matted and I shall sleep under hedges and drink water from ditches
and die there.'

'Susan has passed us,' said Bernard.  'She has passed the tool-
house door with her handkerchief screwed into a ball.  She was not
crying, but her eyes, which are so beautiful, were narrow as cats'
eyes before they spring.  I shall follow her, Neville.  I shall go
gently behind her, to be at hand, with my curiosity, to comfort her
when she bursts out in a rage and thinks, "I am alone."

'Now she walks across the field with a swing, nonchalantly, to
deceive us.  Then she comes to the dip; she thinks she is unseen;
she begins to run with her fists clenched in front of her.  Her
nails meet in the ball of her pocket-handkerchief.  She is making
for the beech woods out of the light.  She spreads her arms as she
comes to them and takes to the shade like a swimmer.  But she is
blind after the light and trips and flings herself down on the
roots under the trees, where the light seems to pant in and out, in
and out.  The branches heave up and down.  There is agitation and
trouble here.  There is gloom.  The light is fitful.  There is
anguish here.  The roots make a skeleton on the ground, with dead
leaves heaped in the angles.  Susan has spread her anguish out.
Her pocket-handkerchief is laid on the roots of the beech trees and
she sobs, sitting crumpled where she has fallen.'

'I saw her kiss him,' said Susan.  'I looked between the leaves and
saw her.  She danced in flecked with diamonds light as dust.  And I
am squat, Bernard, I am short.  I have eyes that look close to the
ground and see insects in the grass.  The yellow warmth in my side
turned to stone when I saw Jinny kiss Louis.  I shall eat grass and
die in a ditch in the brown water where dead leaves have rotted.'

'I saw you go,' said Bernard.  'As you passed the door of the tool-
house I heard you cry "I am unhappy."  I put down my knife.  I was
making boats out of firewood with Neville.  And my hair is untidy,
because when Mrs Constable told me to brush it there was a fly in a
web, and I asked, "Shall I free the fly?  Shall I let the fly be
eaten?"  So I am late always.  My hair is unbrushed and these chips
of wood stick in it.  When I heard you cry I followed you, and saw
you put down your handkerchief, screwed up, with its rage, with its
hate, knotted in it.  But soon that will cease.  Our bodies are
close now.  You hear me breathe.  You see the beetle too carrying
off a leaf on its back.  It runs this way, then that way, so that
even your desire while you watch the beetle, to possess one single
thing (it is Louis now) must waver, like the light in and out of
the beech leaves; and then words, moving darkly, in the depths of
your mind will break up this knot of hardness, screwed in your
pocket-handkerchief.'

'I love,' said Susan, 'and I hate.  I desire one thing only.  My
eyes are hard.  Jinny's eyes break into a thousand lights.  Rhoda's
are like those pale flowers to which moths come in the evening.
Yours grow full and brim and never break.  But I am already set on
my pursuit.  I see insects in the grass.  Though my mother still
knits white socks for me and hems pinafores and I am a child, I
love and I hate.'

'But when we sit together, close,' said Bernard, 'we melt into each
other with phrases.  We are edged with mist.  We make an
unsubstantial territory.'

'I see the beetle,' said Susan.  'It is black, I see; it is green,
I see; I am tied down with single words.  But you wander off; you
slip away; you rise up higher, with words and words in phrases.'

'Now,' said Bernard, 'let us explore.  There is the white house
lying among the trees.  It lies down there ever so far beneath us.
We shall sink like swimmers just touching the ground with the tips
of their toes.  We shall sink through the green air of the leaves,
Susan.  We sink as we run.  The waves close over us, the beech
leaves meet above our heads.  There is the stable clock with its
gilt hands shining.  Those are the flats and heights of the roofs
of the great house.  There is the stable-boy clattering in the yard
in rubber boots.  That is Elvedon.

'Now we have fallen through the tree-tops to the earth.  The air no
longer rolls its long, unhappy, purple waves over us.  We touch
earth; we tread ground.  That is the close-clipped hedge of the
ladies' garden.  There they walk at noon, with scissors, clipping
roses.  Now we are in the ringed wood with the wall round it.  This
is Elvedon.  I have seen signposts at the cross-roads with one arm
pointing "To Elvedon".  No one has been there.  The ferns smell
very strong, and there are red funguses growing beneath them.  Now
we wake the sleeping daws who have never seen a human form; now we
tread on rotten oak apples, red with age and slippery.  There is a
ring of wall round this wood; nobody comes here.  Listen!  That is
the flop of a giant toad in the undergrowth; that is the patter of
some primeval fir-cone falling to rot among the ferns.

'Put your foot on this brick.  Look over the wall.  That is
Elvedon.  The lady sits between the two long windows, writing.  The
gardeners sweep the lawn with giant brooms.  We are the first to
come here.  We are the discoverers of an unknown land.  Do not
stir; if the gardeners saw us they would shoot us.  We should be
nailed like stoats to the stable door.  Look!  Do not move.  Grasp
the ferns tight on the top of the wall.'

'I see the lady writing.  I see the gardeners sweeping,' said
Susan.  'If we died here, nobody would bury us.'

'Run!' said Bernard.  'Run!  The gardener with the black beard has
seen us!  We shall be shot!  We shall be shot like jays and pinned
to the wall!  We are in a hostile country.  We must escape to the
beech wood.  We must hide under the trees.  I turned a twig as we
came.  There is a secret path.  Bend as low as you can.  Follow
without looking back.  They will think we are foxes.  Run!

'Now we are safe.  Now we can stand upright again.  Now we can
stretch our arms in this high canopy, in this vast wood.  I hear
nothing.  That is only the murmur of the waves in the air.  That is
a wood-pigeon breaking cover in the tops of the beech trees.  The
pigeon beats the air; the pigeon beats the air with wooden wings.'

'Now you trail away,' said Susan, 'making phrases.  Now you mount
like an air-ball's string, higher and higher through the layers of
the leaves, out of reach.  Now you lag.  Now you tug at my skirts,
looking back, making phrases.  You have escaped me.  Here is the
garden.  Here is the hedge.  Here is Rhoda on the path rocking
petals to and fro in her brown basin.'

'All my ships are white,' said Rhoda.  'I do not want red petals of
hollyhocks or geranium.  I want white petals that float when I tip
the basin up.  I have a fleet now swimming from shore to shore.  I
will drop a twig in as a raft for a drowning sailor.  I will drop a
stone in and see bubbles rise from the depths of the sea.  Neville
has gone and Susan has gone; Jinny is in the kitchen garden picking
currants with Louis perhaps.  I have a short time alone, while Miss
Hudson spreads our copy-books on the schoolroom table.  I have a
short space of freedom.  I have picked all the fallen petals and
made them swim.  I have put raindrops in some.  I will plant a
lighthouse here, a head of Sweet Alice.  And I will now rock the
brown basin from side to side so that my ships may ride the waves.
Some will founder.  Some will dash themselves against the cliffs.
One sails alone.  That is my ship.  It sails into icy caverns where
the sea-bear barks and stalactites swing green chains.  The waves
rise; their crests curl; look at the lights on the mastheads.  They
have scattered, they have foundered, all except my ship, which
mounts the wave and sweeps before the gale and reaches the islands
where the parrots chatter and the creepers . . .'

'Where is Bernard?' said Neville.  'He has my knife.  We were in
the tool-shed making boats, and Susan came past the door.  And
Bernard dropped his boat and went after her taking my knife, the
sharp one that cuts the keel.  He is like a dangling wire, a broken
bell-pull, always twangling.  He is like the seaweed hung outside
the window, damp now, now dry.  He leaves me in the lurch; he
follows Susan; and if Susan cries he will take my knife and tell
her stories.  The big blade is an emperor; the broken blade a
Negro.  I hate dangling things; I hate dampish things.  I hate
wandering and mixing things together.  Now the bell rings and we
shall be late.  Now we must drop our toys.  Now we must go in
together.  The copy-books are laid out side by side on the green
baize table.'

'I will not conjugate the verb,' said Louis, 'until Bernard has
said it.  My father is a banker in Brisbane and I speak with an
Australian accent.  I will wait and copy Bernard.  He is English.
They are all English.  Susan's father is a clergyman.  Rhoda has no
father.  Bernard and Neville are the sons of gentlemen.  Jinny
lives with her grandmother in London.  Now they suck their pens.
Now they twist their copy-books, and, looking sideways at Miss
Hudson, count the purple buttons on her bodice.  Bernard has a chip
in his hair.  Susan has a red look in her eyes.  Both are flushed.
But I am pale; I am neat, and my knickerbockers are drawn together
by a belt with a brass snake.  I know the lesson by heart.  I know
more than they will ever know.  I knew my cases and my genders; I
could know everything in the world if I wished.  But I do not wish
to come to the top and say my lesson.  My roots are threaded, like
fibres in a flower-pot, round and round about the world.  I do not
wish to come to the top and live in the light of this great clock,
yellow-faced, which ticks and ticks.  Jinny and Susan, Bernard and
Neville bind themselves into a thong with which to lash me.  They
laugh at my neatness, at my Australian accent.  I will now try to
imitate Bernard softly lisping Latin.'

'Those are white words,' said Susan, 'like stones one picks up by
the seashore.'

'They flick their tails right and left as I speak them,' said
Bernard.  'They wag their tails; they flick their tails; they move
through the air in flocks, now this way, now that way, moving all
together, now dividing, now coming together.'

'Those are yellow words, those are fiery words,' said Jinny.  'I
should like a fiery dress, a yellow dress, a fulvous dress to wear
in the evening.'

'Each tense,' said Neville, 'means differently.  There is an order
in this world; there are distinctions, there are differences in
this world, upon whose verge I step.  For this is only a
beginning.'

'Now Miss Hudson,' said Rhoda, 'has shut the book.  Now the terror
is beginning.  Now taking her lump of chalk she draws figures, six,
seven, eight, and then a cross and then a line on the blackboard.
What is the answer?  The others look; they look with understanding.
Louis writes; Susan writes; Neville writes; Jinny writes; even
Bernard has now begun to write.  But I cannot write.  I see only
figures.  The others are handing in their answers, one by one.  Now
it is my turn.  But I have no answer.  The others are allowed to
go.  They slam the door.  Miss Hudson goes.  I am left alone to
find an answer.  The figures mean nothing now.  Meaning has gone.
The clock ticks.  The two hands are convoys marching through a
desert.  The black bars on the clock face are green oases.  The
long hand has marched ahead to find water.  The other, painfully
stumbles among hot stones in the desert.  It will die in the
desert.  The kitchen door slams.  Wild dogs bark far away.  Look,
the loop of the figure is beginning to fill with time; it holds the
world in it.  I begin to draw a figure and the world is looped in
it, and I myself am outside the loop; which I now join--so--and
seal up, and make entire.  The world is entire, and I am outside of
it, crying, "Oh save me, from being blown for ever outside the loop
of time!"'

'There Rhoda sits staring at the blackboard,' said Louis, 'in the
schoolroom, while we ramble off, picking here a bit of thyme,
pinching here a leaf of southernwood while Bernard tells a story.
Her shoulder-blades meet across her back like the wings of a small
butterfly.  And as she stares at the chalk figures, her mind lodges
in those white circles, it steps through those white loops into
emptiness, alone.  They have no meaning for her.  She has no answer
for them.  She has no body as the others have.  And I, who speak
with an Australian accent, whose father is a banker in Brisbane, do
not fear her as I fear the others.'

'Let us now crawl,' said Bernard, 'under the canopy of the currant
leaves, and tell stories.  Let us inhabit the underworld.  Let us
take possession of our secret territory, which is lit by pendant
currants like candelabra, shining red on one side, black on the
other.  Here, Jinny, if we curl up close, we can sit under the
canopy of the currant leaves and watch the censers swing.  This is
our universe.  The others pass down the carriage-drive.  The skirts
of Miss Hudson and Miss Curry sweep by like candle extinguishers.
Those are Susan's white socks.  Those are Louis' neat sand-shoes
firmly printing the gravel.  Here come warm gusts of decomposing
leaves, of rotting vegetation.  We are in a swamp now; in a
malarial jungle.  There is an elephant white with maggots, killed
by an arrow shot dead in its eye.  The bright eyes of hopping
birds--eagles, vultures--are apparent.  They take us for fallen
trees.  They pick at a worm--that is a hooded cobra--and leave it
with a festering brown scar to be mauled by lions.  This is our
world, lit with crescents and stars of light; and great petals half
transparent block the openings like purple windows.  Everything is
strange.  Things are huge and very small.  The stalks of flowers
are thick as oak trees.  Leaves are high as the domes of vast
cathedrals.  We are giants, lying here, who can make forests
quiver.'

'This is here,' said Jinny, 'this is now.  But soon we shall go.
Soon Miss Curry will blow her whistle.  We shall walk.  We shall
part.  You will go to school.  You will have masters wearing
crosses with white ties.  I shall have a mistress in a school on
the East Coast who sits under a portrait of Queen Alexandra.  That
is where I am going, and Susan and Rhoda.  This is only here; this
is only now.  Now we lie under the currant bushes and every time
the breeze stirs we are mottled all over.  My hand is like a
snake's skin.  My knees are pink floating islands.  Your face is
like an apple tree netted under.'

'The heat is going,' said Bernard, 'from the Jungle.  The leaves
flap black wings over us.  Miss Curry has blown her whistle on the
terrace.  We must creep out from the awning of the currant leaves
and stand upright.  There are twigs in your hair, Jinny.  There is
a green caterpillar on your neck.  We must form, two by two.  Miss
Curry is taking us for a brisk walk, while Miss Hudson sits at her
desk settling her accounts.'

'It is dull,' said Jinny, 'walking along the high road with no
windows to look at, with no bleared eyes of blue glass let into the
pavement.'

'We must form into pairs,' said Susan, 'and walk in order, not
shuffling our feet, not lagging, with Louis going first to lead us,
because Louis is alert and not a wool-gatherer.'

'Since I am supposed,' said Neville, 'to be too delicate to go with
them, since I get so easily tired and then am sick, I will use this
hour of solitude, this reprieve from conversation, to coast round
the purlieus of the house and recover, if I can, by standing on the
same stair half-way up the landing, what I felt when I heard about
the dead man through the swing-door last night when cook was
shoving in and out the dampers.  He was found with his throat cut.
The apple-tree leaves became fixed in the sky; the moon glared; I
was unable to lift my foot up the stair.  He was found in the
gutter.  His blood gurgled down the gutter.  His jowl was white as
a dead codfish.  I shall call this stricture, this rigidity, "death
among the apple trees" for ever.  There were the floating, pale-
grey clouds; and the immitigable tree; the implacable tree with its
greaved silver bark.  The ripple of my life was unavailing.  I was
unable to pass by.  There was an obstacle.  "I cannot surmount this
unintelligible obstacle," I said.  And the others passed on.  But
we are doomed, all of us, by the apple trees, by the immitigable
tree which we cannot pass.

'Now the stricture and rigidity are over; and I will continue to
make my survey of the purlieus of the house in the late afternoon,
in the sunset, when the sun makes oleaginous spots on the linoleum,
and a crack of light kneels on the wall, making the chair legs look
broken.'

'I saw Florrie in the kitchen garden,' said Susan, 'as we came back
from our walk, with the washing blown out round her, the pyjamas,
the drawers, the night-gowns blown tight.  And Ernest kissed her.
He was in his green baize apron, cleaning silver; and his mouth was
sucked like a purse in wrinkles and he seized her with the pyjamas
blown out hard between them.  He was blind as a bull, and she
swooned in anguish, only little veins streaking her white cheeks
red.  Now though they pass plates of bread and butter and cups of
milk at tea-time I see a crack in the earth and hot steam hisses
up; and the urn roars as Ernest roared, and I am blown out hard
like the pyjamas, even while my teeth meet in the soft bread and
butter, and I lap the sweet milk.  I am not afraid of heat, nor of
the frozen winter.  Rhoda dreams, sucking a crust soaked in milk;
Louis regards the wall opposite with snail-green eyes; Bernard
moulds his bread into pellets and calls them "people".  Neville
with his clean and decisive ways has finished.  He has rolled his
napkin and slipped it through the silver ring.  Jinny spins her
fingers on the table-cloth, as if they were dancing in the
sunshine, pirouetting.  But I am not afraid of the heat or of the
frozen winter.'

'Now,' said Louis, 'we all rise; we all stand up.  Miss Curry
spreads wide the black book on the harmonium.  It is difficult not
to weep as we sing, as we pray that God may keep us safe while we
sleep, calling ourselves little children.  When we are sad and
trembling with apprehension it is sweet to sing together, leaning
slightly, I towards Susan, Susan towards Bernard, clasping hands,
afraid of much, I of my accent, Rhoda of figures; yet resolute to
conquer.'

'We troop upstairs like ponies,' said Bernard, 'stamping,
clattering one behind another to take our turns in the bathroom.
We buffet, we tussle, we spring up and down on the hard, white
beds.  My turn has come.  I come now.

'Mrs Constable, girt in a bath-towel, takes her lemon-coloured
sponge and soaks it in water; it turns chocolate-brown; it drips;
and, holding it high above me, shivering beneath her, she squeezes
it.  Water pours down the runnel of my spine.  Bright arrows of
sensation shoot on either side.  I am covered with warm flesh.  My
dry crannies are wetted; my cold body is warmed; it is sluiced and
gleaming.  Water descends and sheets me like an eel.  Now hot
towels envelop me, and their roughness, as I rub my back, makes my
blood purr.  Rich and heavy sensations form on the roof of my mind;
down showers the day--the woods; and Elvedon; Susan and the pigeon.
Pouring down the walls of my mind, running together, the day falls
copious, resplendent.  Now I tie my pyjamas loosely round me, and
lie under this thin sheet afloat in the shallow light which is like
a film of water drawn over my eyes by a wave.  I hear through it
far off, far away, faint and far, the chorus beginning; wheels;
dogs; men shouting; church bells; the chorus beginning.'

'As I fold up my frock and my chemise,' said Rhoda, 'so I put off
my hopeless desire to be Susan, to be Jinny.  But I will stretch my
toes so that they touch the rail at the end of the bed; I will
assure myself, touching the rail, of something hard.  Now I cannot
sink; cannot altogether fall through the thin sheet now.  Now I
spread my body on this frail mattress and hang suspended.  I am
above the earth now.  I am no longer upright, to be knocked against
and damaged.  All is soft, and bending.  Walls and cupboards whiten
and bend their yellow squares on top of which a pale glass gleams.
Out of me now my mind can pour.  I can think of my Armadas sailing
on the high waves.  I am relieved of hard contacts and collisions.
I sail on alone under the white cliffs.  Oh, but I sink, I fall!
That is the corner of the cupboard; that is the nursery looking-
glass.  But they stretch, they elongate.  I sink down on the black
plumes of sleep; its thick wings are pressed to my eyes.
Travelling through darkness I see the stretched flower-beds, and
Mrs Constable runs from behind the corner of the pampas-grass to
say my aunt has come to fetch me in a carriage.  I mount; I escape;
I rise on spring-heeled boots over the tree-tops.  But I am now
fallen into the carriage at the hall door, where she sits nodding
yellow plumes with eyes hard like glazed marbles.  Oh, to awake
from dreaming!  Look, there is the chest of drawers.  Let me pull
myself out of these waters.  But they heap themselves on me; they
sweep me between their great shoulders; I am turned; I am tumbled;
I am stretched, among these long lights, these long waves, these
endless paths, with people pursuing, pursuing.'




The sun rose higher.  Blue waves, green waves swept a quick fan
over the beach, circling the spike of sea-holly and leaving shallow
pools of light here and there on the sand.  A faint black rim was
left behind them.  The rocks which had been misty and soft hardened
and were marked with red clefts.

Sharp stripes of shadow lay on the grass, and the dew dancing on
the tips of the flowers and leaves made the garden like a mosaic of
single sparks not yet formed into one whole.  The birds, whose
breasts were specked canary and rose, now sang a strain or two
together, wildly, like skaters rollicking arm-in-arm, and were
suddenly silent, breaking asunder.

The sun laid broader blades upon the house.  The light touched
something green in the window corner and made it a lump of emerald,
a cave of pure green like stoneless fruit.  It sharpened the edges
of chairs and tables and stitched white table-cloths with fine gold
wires.  As the light increased a bud here and there split asunder
and shook out flowers, green veined and quivering, as if the effort
of opening had set them rocking, and pealing a faint carillon as
they beat their frail clappers against their white walls.
Everything became softly amorphous, as if the china of the plate
flowed and the steel of the knife were liquid.  Meanwhile the
concussion of the waves breaking fell with muffled thuds, like logs
falling, on the shore.




'Now,' said Bernard, 'the time has come.  The day has come.  The
cab is at the door.  My huge box bends George's bandy-legs even
wider.  The horrible ceremony is over, the tips, and the good-byes
in the hall.  Now there is this gulping ceremony with my mother,
this hand-shaking ceremony with my father; now I must go on waving,
I must go on waving, till we turn the corner.  Now that ceremony is
over.  Heaven be praised, all ceremonies are over.  I am alone; I
am going to school for the first time.

'Everybody seems to be doing things for this moment only; and never
again.  Never again.  The urgency of it all is fearful.  Everybody
knows I am going to school, going to school for the first time.
"That boy is going to school for the first time," says the
housemaid, cleaning the steps.  I must not cry.  I must behold them
indifferently.  Now the awful portals of the station gape; "the
moon-faced clock regards me."  I must make phrases and phrases and
so interpose something hard between myself and the stare of
housemaids, the stare of clocks, staring faces, indifferent faces,
or I shall cry.  There is Louis, there is Neville, in long coats,
carrying handbags, by the booking-office.  They are composed.  But
they look different.'

'Here is Bernard,' said Louis.  'He is composed; he is easy.  He
swings his bag as he walks.  I will follow Bernard, because he is
not afraid.  We are drawn through the booking-office on to the
platform as a stream draws twigs and straws round the piers of a
bridge.  There is the very powerful, bottle-green engine without a
neck, all back and thighs, breathing steam.  The guard blows his
whistle; the flag is dipped; without an effort, of its own
momentum, like an avalanche started by a gentle push, we start
forward.  Bernard spreads a rug and plays knuckle-bones.  Neville
reads.  London crumbles.  London heaves and surges.  There is a
bristling of chimneys and towers.  There a white church; there a
mast among the spires.  There a canal.  Now there are open spaces
with asphalt paths upon which it is strange that people should now
be walking.  There is a hill striped with red houses.  A man
crosses a bridge with a dog at his heels.  Now the red boy begins
firing at a pheasant.  The blue boy shoves him aside.  "My uncle is
the best shot in England.  My cousin is Master of Foxhounds."
Boasting begins.  And I cannot boast, for my father is a banker in
Brisbane, and I speak with an Australian accent.'

'After all this hubbub,' said Neville, 'all this scuffling and
hubbub, we have arrived.  This is indeed a moment--this is indeed a
solemn moment.  I come, like a lord to his halls appointed.  That
is our founder; our illustrious founder, standing in the courtyard
with one foot raised.  I salute our founder.  A noble Roman air
hangs over these austere quadrangles.  Already the lights are lit
in the form rooms.  Those are laboratories perhaps; and that a
library, where I shall explore the exactitude of the Latin
language, and step firmly upon the well-laid sentences, and
pronounce the explicit, the sonorous hexameters of Virgil, of
Lucretius; and chant with a passion that is never obscure or
formless the loves of Catullus, reading from a big book, a quarto
with margins.  I shall lie, too, in the fields among the tickling
grasses.  I shall lie with my friends under the towering elm trees.

'Behold, the Headmaster.  Alas, that he should excite my ridicule.
He is too sleek, he is altogether too shiny and black, like some
statue in a public garden.  And on the left side of his waistcoat,
his taut, his drum-like waistcoat, hangs a crucifix.'

'Old Crane,' said Bernard, 'now rises to address us.  Old Crane,
the Headmaster, has a nose like a mountain at sunset, and a blue
cleft in his chin, like a wooded ravine, which some tripper has
fired; like a wooded ravine seen from the train window.  He sways
slightly, mouthing out his tremendous and sonorous words.  I love
tremendous and sonorous words.  But his words are too hearty to be
true.  Yet he is by this time convinced of their truth.  And when
he leaves the room, lurching rather heavily from side to side, and
hurls his way through the swing-doors, all the masters, lurching
rather heavily from side to side, hurl themselves also through the
swing-doors.  This is our first night at school, apart from our
sisters.'



'This is my first night at school,' said Susan, 'away from my
father, away from my home.  My eyes swell; my eyes prick with
tears.  I hate the smell of pine and linoleum.  I hate the wind-
bitten shrubs and the sanitary tiles.  I hate the cheerful jokes
and the glazed look of everyone.  I left my squirrel and my doves
for the boy to look after.  The kitchen door slams, and shot
patters among the leaves when Percy fires at the rooks.  All here
is false; all is meretricious.  Rhoda and Jinny sit far off in
brown serge, and look at Miss Lambert who sits under a picture of
Queen Alexandra reading from a book before her.  There is also a
blue scroll of needlework embroidered by some old girl.  If I do
not purse my lips, if I do not screw my handkerchief, I shall cry.'

'The purple light,' said Rhoda, 'in Miss Lambert's ring passes to
and fro across the black stain on the white page of the Prayer
Book.  It is a vinous, it is an amorous light.  Now that our boxes
are unpacked in the dormitories, we sit herded together under maps
of the entire world.  There are desks with wells for the ink.  We
shall write our exercises in ink here.  But here I am nobody.  I
have no face.  This great company, all dressed in brown serge, has
robbed me of my identity.  We are all callous, unfriended.  I will
seek out a face, a composed, a monumental face, and will endow it
with omniscience, and wear it under my dress like a talisman and
then (I promise this) I will find some dingle in a wood where I can
display my assortment of curious treasures.  I promise myself this.
So I will not cry.'

'That dark woman,' said Jinny, 'with high cheek-bones, has a shiny
dress, like a shell, veined, for wearing in the evening.  That is
nice for summer, but for winter I should like a thin dress shot
with red threads that would gleam in the firelight.  Then when the
lamps were lit, I should put on my red dress and it would be thin
as a veil, and would wind about my body, and billow out as I came
into the room, pirouetting.  It would make a flower shape as I sank
down, in the middle of the room, on a gilt chair.  But Miss Lambert
wears an opaque dress, that falls in a cascade from her snow-white
ruffle as she sits under a picture of Queen Alexandra pressing one
white finger firmly on the page.  And we pray.'

'Now we march, two by two,' said Louis, 'orderly, processional,
into chapel.  I like the dimness that falls as we enter the sacred
building.  I like the orderly progress.  We file in; we seat
ourselves.  We put off our distinctions as we enter.  I like it
now, when, lurching slightly, but only from his momentum, Dr Crane
mounts the pulpit and reads the lesson from a Bible spread on the
back of the brass eagle.  I rejoice; my heart expands in his bulk,
in his authority.  He lays the whirling dust clouds in my
tremulous, my ignominiously agitated mind--how we danced round the
Christmas tree and handing parcels they forgot me, and the fat
woman said, "This little boy has no present," and gave me a shiny
Union Jack from the top of the tree, and I cried with fury--to be
remembered with pity.  Now all is laid by his authority, his
crucifix, and I feel come over me the sense of the earth under me,
and my roots going down and down till they wrap themselves round
some hardness at the centre.  I recover my continuity, as he reads.
I become a figure in the procession, a spoke in the huge wheel that
turning, at last erects me, here and now.  I have been in the dark;
I have been hidden; but when the wheel turns (as he reads) I rise
into this dim light where I just perceive, but scarcely, kneeling
boys, pillars and memorial brasses.  There is no crudity here, no
sudden kisses.'

'The brute menaces my liberty,' said Neville, 'when he prays.
Unwarmed by imagination, his words fall cold on my head like
paving-stones, while the gilt cross heaves on his waistcoat.  The
words of authority are corrupted by those who speak them.  I gibe
and mock at this sad religion, at these tremulous, grief-stricken
figures advancing, cadaverous and wounded, down a white road
shadowed by fig trees where boys sprawl in the dust--naked boys;
and goatskins distended with wine hang at the tavern door.  I was
in Rome travelling with my father at Easter; and the trembling
figure of Christ's mother was borne niddle-noddling along the
streets; there went by also the stricken figure of Christ in a
glass case.

'Now I will lean sideways as if to scratch my thigh.  So I shall
see Percival.  There he sits, upright among the smaller fry.  He
breathes through his straight nose rather heavily.  His blue and
oddly inexpressive eyes are fixed with pagan indifference upon the
pillar opposite.  He would make an admirable churchwarden.  He
should have a birch and beat little boys for misdemeanours.  He is
allied with the Latin phrases on the memorial brasses.  He sees
nothing; he hears nothing.  He is remote from us all in a pagan
universe.  But look--he flicks his hand to the back of his neck.
For such gestures one falls hopelessly in love for a lifetime.
Dalton, Jones, Edgar and Bateman flick their hands to the back of
their necks likewise.  But they do not succeed.'

'At last,' said Bernard, 'the growl ceases.  The sermon ends.  He
has minced the dance of the white butterflies at the door to
powder.  His rough and hairy voice is like an unshaven chin.  Now
he lurches back to his seat like a drunken sailor.  It is an action
that all the other masters will try to imitate; but, being flimsy,
being floppy, wearing grey trousers, they will only succeed in
making themselves ridiculous.  I do not despise them.  Their antics
seem pitiable in my eyes.  I note the fact for future reference
with many others in my notebook.  When I am grown up I shall carry
a notebook--a fat book with many pages, methodically lettered.  I
shall enter my phrases.  Under B shall come "Butterfly powder".
If, in my novel, I describe the sun on the window-sill, I shall
look under B and find butterfly powder.  That will be useful.  The
tree "shades the window with green fingers".  That will be useful.
But alas!  I am so soon distracted--by a hair like twisted candy,
by Celia's Prayer Book, ivory covered.  Louis' can contemplate
nature, unwinking, by the hour.  Soon I fail, unless talked to.
"The lake of my mind, unbroken by oars, heaves placidly and soon
sinks into an oily somnolence."  That will be useful.'

'Now we move out of this cool temple, into the yellow playing-
fields,' said Louis.  'And, as it is a half-holiday (the Duke's
birthday) we will settle among the long grasses, while they play
cricket.  Could I be "they" I would choose it; I would buckle on my
pads and stride across the playing-field at the head of the
batsmen.  Look now, how everybody follows Percival.  He is heavy.
He walks clumsily down the field, through the long grass, to where
the great elm trees stand.  His magnificence is that of some
mediaeval commander.  A wake of light seems to lie on the grass
behind him.  Look at us trooping after him, his faithful servants,
to be shot like sheep, for he will certainly attempt some forlorn
enterprise and die in battle.  My heart turns rough; it abrades my
side like a file with two edges: one, that I adore his magnificence;
the other I despise his slovenly accents--I who am so much his
superior--and am jealous.'

'And now,' said Neville, 'let Bernard begin.  Let him burble on,
telling us stories, while we lie recumbent.  Let him describe what
we have all seen so that it becomes a sequence.  Bernard says there
is always a story.  I am a story.  Louis is a story.  There is the
story of the boot-boy, the story of the man with one eye, the story
of the woman who sells winkles.  Let him burble on with his story
while I lie back and regard the stiff-legged figures of the padded
batsmen through the trembling grasses.  It seems as if the whole
world were flowing and curving--on the earth the trees, in the sky
the clouds.  I look up, through the trees, into the sky.  The match
seems to be played up there.  Faintly among the soft, white clouds
I hear the cry "Run", I hear the cry "How's that?"  The clouds lose
tufts of whiteness as the breeze dishevels them.  If that blue
could stay for ever; if that hole could remain for ever; if this
moment could stay for ever--

'But Bernard goes on talking.  Up they bubble--images.  "Like a
camel," . . . "a vulture."  The camel is a vulture; the vulture a
camel; for Bernard is a dangling wire, loose, but seductive.  Yes,
for when he talks, when he makes his foolish comparisons, a
lightness comes over one.  One floats, too, as if one were that
bubble; one is freed; I have escaped, one feels.  Even the chubby
little boys (Dalton, Larpent and Baker) feel the same abandonment.
They like this better than the cricket.  They catch the phrases as
they bubble.  They let the feathery grasses tickle their noses.
And then we all feel Percival lying heavy among us.  His curious
guffaw seems to sanction our laughter.  But now he has rolled
himself over in the long grass.  He is, I think, chewing a stalk
between his teeth.  He feels bored; I too feel bored.  Bernard at
once perceives that we are bored.  I detect a certain effort, an
extravagance in his phrase, as if he said "Look!" but Percival says
"No."  For he is always the first to detect insincerity; and is
brutal in the extreme.  The sentence tails off feebly.  Yes, the
appalling moment has come when Bernard's power fails him and there
is no longer any sequence and he sags and twiddles a bit of string
and falls silent, gaping as if about to burst into tears.  Among
the tortures and devastations of life is this then--our friends are
not able to finish their stories.'

'Now let me try,' said Louis, 'before we rise, before we go to tea,
to fix the moment in one effort of supreme endeavour.  This shall
endure.  We are parting; some to tea; some to the nets; I to show
my essay to Mr Barker.  This will endure.  From discord, from
hatred (I despise dabblers in imagery--I resent the power of
Percival intensely) my shattered mind is pieced together by some
sudden perception.  I take the trees, the clouds, to be witnesses
of my complete integration.  I, Louis, I, who shall walk the earth
these seventy years, am born entire, out of hatred, out of discord.
Here on this ring of grass we have sat together, bound by the
tremendous power of some inner compulsion.  The trees wave, the
clouds pass.  The time approaches when these soliloquies shall be
shared.  We shall not always give out a sound like a beaten gong as
one sensation strikes and then another.  Children, our lives have
been gongs striking; clamour and boasting; cries of despair; blows
on the nape of the neck in gardens.

'Now grass and trees, the travelling air blowing empty spaces in
the blue which they then recover, shaking the leaves which then
replace themselves, and our ring here, sitting, with our arms
binding our knees, hint at some other order, and better, which
makes a reason everlastingly.  This I see for a second, and shall
try tonight to fix in words, to forge in a ring of steel, though
Percival destroys it, as he blunders off, crushing the grasses,
with the small fry trotting subservient after him.  Yet it is
Percival I need; for it is Percival who inspires poetry.'



'For how many months,' said Susan, 'for how many years, have I run
up these stairs, in the dismal days of winter, in the chilly days
of spring?  Now it is midsummer.  We go upstairs to change into
white frocks to play tennis--Jinny and I with Rhoda following
after.  I count each step as I mount, counting each step something
done with.  So each night I tear off the old day from the calendar,
and screw it tight into a ball.  I do this vindictively, while
Betty and Clara are on their knees.  I do not pray.  I revenge
myself upon the day.  I wreak my spite upon its image.  You are
dead now, I say, school day, hated day.  They have made all the
days of June--this is the twenty-fifth--shiny and orderly, with
gongs, with lessons, with orders to wash, to change, to work, to
eat.  We listen to missionaries from China.  We drive off in brakes
along the asphalt pavement, to attend concerts in halls.  We are
shown galleries and pictures.

'At home the hay waves over the meadows.  My father leans upon the
stile, smoking.  In the house one door bangs and then another, as
the summer air puffs along the empty passages.  Some old picture
perhaps swings on the wall.  A petal drops from the rose in the
jar.  The farm wagons strew the hedges with tufts of hay.  All this
I see, I always see, as I pass the looking-glass on the landing,
with Jinny in front and Rhoda lagging behind.  Jinny dances.  Jinny
always dances in the hall on the ugly, the encaustic tiles; she
turns cartwheels in the playground; she picks some flower
forbiddenly, and sticks it behind her ear so that Miss Perry's dark
eyes smoulder with admiration, for Jinny, not me.  Miss Perry loves
Jinny; and I could have loved her, but now love no one, except my
father, my doves and the squirrel whom I left in the cage at home
for the boy to look after.'

'I hate the small looking-glass on the stairs,' said Jinny.  'It
shows our heads only; it cuts off our heads.  And my lips are too
wide, and my eyes are too close together; I show my gums too much
when I laugh.  Susan's head, with its fell look, with its grass-
green eyes which poets will love, Bernard said, because they fall
upon close white stitching, put mine out; even Rhoda's face,
mooning, vacant, is completed, like those white petals she used to
swim in her bowl.  So I skip up the stairs past them, to the next
landing, where the long glass hangs and I see myself entire.  I see
my body and head in one now; for even in this serge frock they are
one, my body and my head.  Look, when I move my head I ripple all
down my narrow body; even my thin legs ripple like a stalk in the
wind.  I flicker between the set face of Susan and Rhoda's
vagueness; I leap like one of those flames that run between the
cracks of the earth; I move, I dance; I never cease to move and to
dance.  I move like the leaf that moved in the hedge as a child and
frightened me.  I dance over these streaked, these impersonal,
distempered walls with their yellow skirting as firelight dances
over teapots.  I catch fire even from women's cold eyes.  When I
read, a purple rim runs round the black edge of the textbook.  Yet
I cannot follow any word through its changes.  I cannot follow any
thought from present to past.  I do not stand lost, like Susan,
with tears in my eyes remembering home; or lie, like Rhoda,
crumpled among the ferns, staining my pink cotton green, while I
dream of plants that flower under the sea, and rocks through which
the fish swim slowly.  I do not dream.

'Now let us be quick.  Now let me be the first to pull off these
coarse clothes.  Here are my clean white stockings.  Here are my
new shoes.  I bind my hair with a white ribbon, so that when I leap
across the court the ribbon will stream out in a flash, yet curl
round my neck, perfectly in its place.  Not a hair shall be
untidy.'

'That is my face,' said Rhoda, 'in the looking-glass behind Susan's
shoulder--that face is my face.  But I will duck behind her to hide
it, for I am not here.  I have no face.  Other people have faces;
Susan and Jinny have faces; they are here.  Their world is the real
world.  The things they lift are heavy.  They say Yes, they say No;
whereas I shift and change and am seen through in a second.  If
they meet a housemaid she looks at them without laughing.  But she
laughs at me.  They know what to say if spoken to.  They laugh
really; they get angry really; while I have to look first and do
what other people do when they have done it.

'See now with what extraordinary certainty Jinny pulls on her
stockings, simply to play tennis.  That I admire.  But I like
Susan's way better, for she is more resolute, and less ambitious of
distinction than Jinny.  Both despise me for copying what they do;
but Susan sometimes teaches me, for instance, how to tie a bow,
while Jinny has her own knowledge but keeps it to herself.  They
have friends to sit by.  They have things to say privately in
corners.  But I attach myself only to names and faces; and hoard
them like amulets against disaster.  I choose out across the hall
some unknown face and can hardly drink my tea when she whose name I
do not know sits opposite.  I choke.  I am rocked from side to side
by the violence of my emotion.  I imagine these nameless, these
immaculate people, watching me from behind bushes.  I leap high to
excite their admiration.  At night, in bed, I excite their complete
wonder.  I often die pierced with arrows to win their tears.  If
they should say, or I should see from a label on their boxes, that
they were in Scarborough last holidays, the whole town runs gold,
the whole pavement is illuminated.  Therefore I hate looking-
glasses which show me my real face.  Alone, I often fall down into
nothingness.  I must push my foot stealthily lest I should fall off
the edge of the world into nothingness.  I have to bang my head
against some hard door to call myself back to the body.'

'We are late,' said Susan.  We must wait our turn to play.  We will
pitch here in the long grass and pretend to watch Jinny and Clara,
Betty and Mavis.  But we will not watch them.  I hate watching
other people play games.  I will make images of all the things I
hate most and bury them in the ground.  This shiny pebble is Madame
Carlo, and I will bury her deep because of her fawning and
ingratiating manners, because of the sixpence she gave me for
keeping my knuckles flat when I played my scales.  I buried her
sixpence.  I would bury the whole school: the gymnasium; the
classroom; the dining-room that always smells of meat; and the
chapel.  I would bury the red-brown tiles and the oily portraits of
old men--benefactors, founders of schools.  There are some trees I
like; the cherry tree with lumps of clear gum on the bark; and one
view from the attic towards some far hills.  Save for these, I
would bury it all as I bury these ugly stones that are always
scattered about this briny coast, with its piers and its trippers.
At home, the waves are mile long.  On winter nights we hear them
booming.  Last Christmas a man was drowned sitting alone in his
cart.'

'When Miss Lambert passes,' said Rhoda, 'talking to the clergyman,
the others laugh and imitate her hunch behind her back; yet
everything changes and becomes luminous.  Jinny leaps higher too
when Miss Lambert passes.  Suppose she saw that daisy, it would
change.  Wherever she goes, things are changed under her eyes; and
yet when she has gone is not the thing the same again?  Miss
Lambert is taking the clergyman through the wicket-gate to her
private garden; and when she comes to the pond, she sees a frog on
a leaf, and that will change.  All is solemn, all is pale where she
stands, like a statue in a grove.  She lets her tasselled silken
cloak slip down, and only her purple ring still glows, her vinous,
her amethystine ring.  There is this mystery about people when they
leave us.  When they leave us I can companion them to the pond and
make them stately.  When Miss Lambert passes, she makes the daisy
change; and everything runs like streaks of fire when she carves
the beef.  Month by month things are losing their hardness; even my
body now lets the light through; my spine is soft like wax near the
flame of the candle.  I dream; I dream.'

'I have won the game,' said Jinny.  'Now it is your turn.  I must
throw myself on the ground and pant.  I am out of breath with
running, with triumph.  Everything in my body seems thinned out
with running and triumph.  My blood must be bright red, whipped up,
slapping against my ribs.  My soles tingle, as if wire rings opened
and shut in my feet.  I see every blade of grass very clear.  But
the pulse drums so in my forehead, behind my eyes, that everything
dances--the net, the grass; your faces leap like butterflies; the
trees seem to jump up and down.  There is nothing staid, nothing
settled, in this universe.  All is rippling, all is dancing; all is
quickness and triumph.  Only, when I have lain alone on the hard
ground, watching you play your game, I begin to feel the wish to be
singled out; to be summoned, to be called away by one person who
comes to find me, who is attracted towards me, who cannot keep
himself from me, but comes to where I sit on my gilt chair, with my
frock billowing round me like a flower.  And withdrawing into an
alcove, sitting alone on a balcony we talk together.

'Now the tide sinks.  Now the trees come to earth; the brisk waves
that slap my ribs rock more gently, and my heart rides at anchor,
like a sailing-boat whose sails slide slowly down on to the white
deck.  The game is over.  We must go to tea now.'



'The boasting boys,' said Louis, 'have gone now in a vast team to
play cricket.  They have driven off in their great brake, singing
in chorus.  All their heads turn simultaneously at the corner by
the laurel bushes.  Now they are boasting.  Larpent's brother
played football for Oxford; Smith's father made a century at Lords.
Archie and Hugh; Parker and Dalton; Larpent and Smith; then again
Archie and Hugh; Parker and Dalton; Larpent and Smith--the names
repeat themselves; the names are the same always.  They are the
volunteers; they are the cricketers; they are the officers of the
Natural History Society.  They are always forming into fours and
marching in troops with badges on their caps; they salute
simultaneously passing the figure of their general.  How majestic
is their order, how beautiful is their obedience!  If I could
follow, if I could be with them, I would sacrifice all I know.  But
they also leave butterflies trembling with their wings pinched off;
they throw dirty pocket-handkerchiefs clotted with blood screwed up
into corners.  They make little boys sob in dark passages.  They
have big red ears that stand out under their caps.  Yet that is
what we wish to be, Neville and I.  I watch them go with envy.
Peeping from behind a curtain, I note the simultaneity of their
movements with delight.  If my legs were reinforced by theirs, how
they would run!  If I had been with them and won matches and rowed
in great races, and galloped all day, how I should thunder out
songs at midnight!  In what a torrent the words would rush from my
throat!'

'Percival has gone now,' said Neville.  'He is thinking of nothing
but the match.  He never waved his hand as the brake turned the
corner by the laurel bush.  He despises me for being too weak to
play (yet he is always kind to my weakness).  He despises me for
not caring if they win or lose except that he cares.  He takes my
devotion; he accepts my tremulous, no doubt abject offering, mixed
with contempt as it is for his mind.  For he cannot read.  Yet when
I read Shakespeare or Catullus, lying in the long grass, he
understands more than Louis.  Not the words--but what are words?
Do I not know already how to rhyme, how to imitate Pope, Dryden,
even Shakespeare?  But I cannot stand all day in the sun with my
eyes on the ball; I cannot feel the flight of the ball through my
body and think only of the ball.  I shall be a clinger to the
outsides of words all my life.  Yet I could not live with him and
suffer his stupidity.  He will coarsen and snore.  He will marry
and there will be scenes of tenderness at breakfast.  But now he is
young.  Not a thread, not a sheet of paper lies between him and the
sun, between him and the rain, between him and the moon as he lies
naked, tumbled, hot, on his bed.  Now as they drive along the high
road in their brake his face is mottled red and yellow.  He will
throw off his coat and stand with his legs apart, with his hands
ready, watching the wicket.  And he will pray, "Lord let us win";
he will think of one thing only, that they should win.

'How could I go with them in a brake to play cricket?  Only Bernard
could go with them, but Bernard is too late to go with them.  He is
always too late.  He is prevented by his incorrigible moodiness
from going with them.  He stops, when he washes his hands, to say,
"There is a fly in that web.  Shall I rescue that fly; shall I let
the spider eat it?"  He is shaded with innumerable perplexities, or
he would go with them to play cricket, and would lie in the grass,
watching the sky, and would start when the ball was hit.  But they
would forgive him; for he would tell them a story.'

'They have bowled off,' said Bernard, 'and I am too late to go with
them.  The horrid little boys, who are also so beautiful, whom you
and Louis, Neville, envy so deeply, have bowled off with their
heads all turned the same way.  But I am unaware of these profound
distinctions.  My fingers slip over the keyboard without knowing
which is black and which white.  Archie makes easily a hundred; I
by a fluke make sometimes fifteen.  But what is the difference
between us?  Wait though, Neville; let me talk.  The bubbles are
rising like the silver bubbles from the floor of a saucepan; image
on top of image.  I cannot sit down to my book, like Louis, with
ferocious tenacity.  I must open the little trap-door and let out
these linked phrases in which I run together whatever happens, so
that instead of incoherence there is perceived a wandering thread,
lightly joining one thing to another.  I will tell you the story of
the doctor.

'When Dr Crane lurches through the swing-doors after prayers he is
convinced, it seems, of his immense superiority; and indeed
Neville, we cannot deny that his departure leaves us not only with
a sense of relief, but also with a sense of something removed, like
a tooth.  Now let us follow him as he heaves through the swing-door
to his own apartments.  Let us imagine him in his private room over
the stables undressing.  He unfastens his sock suspenders (let us
be trivial, let us be intimate).  Then with a characteristic
gesture (it is difficult to avoid these ready-made phrases, and
they are, in his case, somehow appropriate) he takes the silver, he
takes the coppers from his trouser pockets and places them there,
and there, on his dressing-table.  With both arms stretched on the
arms of his chair he reflects (this is his private moment; it is
here we must try to catch him): shall he cross the pink bridge into
his bedroom or shall he not cross it?  The two rooms are united by
a bridge of rosy light from the lamp at the bedside where Mrs Crane
lies with her hair on the pillow reading a French memoir.  As she
reads, she sweeps her hand with an abandoned and despairing gesture
over her forehead, and sighs, "Is this all?" comparing herself with
some French duchess.  Now, says the doctor, in two years I shall
retire.  I shall clip yew hedges in a west country garden.  An
admiral I might have been; or a judge; not a schoolmaster.  What
forces, he asks, staring at the gas-fire with his shoulders hunched
up more hugely than we know them (he is in his shirt-sleeves
remember), have brought me to this?  What vast forces? he thinks,
getting into the stride of his majestic phrases as he looks over
his shoulder at the window.  It is a stormy night; the branches of
the chestnut trees are ploughing up and down.  Stars flash between
them.  What vast forces of good and evil have brought me here? he
asks, and sees with sorrow that his chair has worn a little hole in
the pile of the purple carpet.  So there he sits, swinging his
braces.  But stories that follow people into their private rooms
are difficult.  I cannot go on with this story.  I twiddle a piece
of string; I turn over four or five coins in my trouser pocket.'

'Bernard's stories amuse me,' said Neville, 'at the start.  But
when they tail off absurdly and he gapes, twiddling a bit of
string, I feel my own solitude.  He sees everyone with blurred
edges.  Hence I cannot talk to him of Percival.  I cannot expose my
absurd and violent passion to his sympathetic understanding.  It
too would make a "story".  I need someone whose mind falls like a
chopper on a block; to whom the pitch of absurdity is sublime, and
a shoe-string adorable.  To whom I can expose the urgency of my own
passion?  Louis is too cold, too universal.  There is nobody here
among these grey arches, and moaning pigeons, and cheerful games
and tradition and emulation, all so skilfully organized to prevent
feeling alone.  Yet I am struck still as I walk by sudden
premonitions of what is to come.  Yesterday, passing the open door
leading into the private garden, I saw Fenwick with his mallet
raised.  The steam from the tea-urn rose in the middle of the lawn.
There were banks of blue flowers.  Then suddenly descended upon me
the obscure, the mystic sense of adoration, of completeness that
triumphed over chaos.  Nobody saw my poised and intent figure as I
stood at the open door.  Nobody guessed the need I had to offer my
being to one god; and perish, and disappear.  His mallet descended;
the vision broke.

'Should I seek out some tree?  Should I desert these form rooms and
libraries, and the broad yellow page in which I read Catullus, for
woods and fields?  Should I walk under beech trees, or saunter
along the river bank, where the trees meet united like lovers in
the water?  But nature is too vegetable, too vapid.  She has only
sublimities and vastitudes and water and leaves.  I begin to wish
for firelight, privacy, and the limbs of one person.'

'I begin to wish,' said Louis, 'for night to come.  As I stand here
with my hand on the grained oak panel of Mr Wickham's door I think
myself the friend of Richelieu, or the Duke of St Simon holding out
a snuff-box to the King himself.  It is my privilege.  My
witticisms "run like wildfire through the court".  Duchesses tear
emeralds from their earrings out of admiration--but these rockets
rise best in darkness, in my cubicle at night.  I am now a boy only
with a colonial accent holding my knuckles against Mr Wickham's
grained oak door.  The day has been full of ignominies and triumphs
concealed from fear of laughter.  I am the best scholar in the
school.  But when darkness comes I put off this unenviable body--my
large nose, my thin lips, my colonial accent--and inhabit space.  I
am then Virgil's companion, and Plato's.  I am then the last scion
of one of the great houses of France.  But I am also one who will
force himself to desert these windy and moonlit territories, these
midnight wanderings, and confront grained oak doors.  I will
achieve in my life--Heaven grant that it be not long--some gigantic
amalgamation between the two discrepancies so hideously apparent to
me.  Out of my suffering I will do it.  I will knock.  I will
enter.'



'I have torn off the whole of May and June,' said Susan, 'and
twenty days of July.  I have torn them off and screwed them up so
that they no longer exist, save as a weight in my side.  They have
been crippled days, like moths with shrivelled wings unable to fly.
There are only eight days left.  In eight days' time I shall get
out of the train and stand on the platform at six twenty five.
Then my freedom will unfurl, and all these restrictions that
wrinkle and shrivel--hours and order and discipline, and being here
and there exactly at the right moment--will crack asunder.  Out the
day will spring, as I open the carriage-door and see my father in
his old hat and gaiters.  I shall tremble.  I shall burst into
tears.  Then next morning I shall get up at dawn.  I shall let
myself out by the kitchen door.  I shall walk on the moor.  The
great horses of the phantom riders will thunder behind me and stop
suddenly.  I shall see the swallow skim the grass.  I shall throw
myself on a bank by the river and watch the fish slip in and out
among the reeds.  The palms of my hands will be printed with pine-
needles.  I shall there unfold and take out whatever it is I have
made here; something hard.  For something has grown in me here,
through the winters and summers, on staircases, in bedrooms.  I do
not want, as Jinny wants, to be admired.  I do not want people,
when I come in, to look up with admiration.  I want to give, to be
given, and solitude in which to unfold my possessions.

'Then I shall come back through the trembling lanes under the
arches of the nut leaves.  I shall pass an old woman wheeling a
perambulator full of sticks; and the shepherd.  But we shall not
speak.  I shall come back through the kitchen garden, and see the
curved leaves of the cabbages pebbled with dew, and the house in
the garden, blind with curtained windows.  I shall go upstairs to
my room, and turn over my own things, locked carefully in the
wardrobe: my shells; my eggs; my curious grasses.  I shall feed my
doves and my squirrel.  I shall go to the kennel and comb my
spaniel.  So gradually I shall turn over the hard thing that has
grown here in my side.  But here bells ring; feet shuffle
perpetually.'

'I hate darkness and sleep and night,' said Jinny, 'and lie longing
for the day to come.  I long that the week should be all one day
without divisions.  When I wake early--and the birds wake me--I lie
and watch the brass handles on the cupboard grow clear; then the
basin; then the towel-horse.  As each thing in the bedroom grows
clear, my heart beats quicker.  I feel my body harden, and become
pink, yellow, brown.  My hands pass over my legs and body.  I feel
its slopes, its thinness.  I love to hear the gong roar through the
house and the stir begin--here a thud, there a patter.  Doors slam;
water rushes.  Here is another day, here is another day, I cry, as
my feet touch the floor.  It may be a bruised day, an imperfect
day.  I am often scolded.  I am often in disgrace for idleness, for
laughing; but even as Miss Matthews grumbles at my feather-headed
carelessness, I catch sight of something moving--a speck of sun
perhaps on a picture, or the donkey drawing the mowing-machine
across the lawn; or a sail that passes between the laurel leaves,
so that I am never cast down.  I cannot be prevented from
pirouetting behind Miss Matthews into prayers.

'Now, too, the time is coming when we shall leave school and wear
long skirts.  I shall wear necklaces and a white dress without
sleeves at night.  There will be parties in brilliant rooms; and
one man will single me out and will tell me what he has told no
other person.  He will like me better than Susan or Rhoda.  He will
find in me some quality, some peculiar thing.  But I shall not let
myself be attached to one person only.  I do not want to be fixed,
to be pinioned.  I tremble, I quiver, like the leaf in the hedge,
as I sit dangling my feet, on the edge of the bed, with a new day
to break open.  I have fifty years, I have sixty years to spend.  I
have not yet broken into my hoard.  This is the beginning.'

'There are hours and hours,' said Rhoda, 'before I can put out the
light and lie suspended on my bed above the world, before I can let
the day drop down, before I can let my tree grow, quivering in
green pavilions above my head.  Here I cannot let it grow.
Somebody knocks through it.  They ask questions, they interrupt,
they throw it down.

'Now I will go to the bathroom and take off my shoes and wash; but
as I wash, as I bend my head down over the basin, I will let the
Russian Empress's veil flow about my shoulders.  The diamonds of
the Imperial crown blaze on my forehead.  I hear the roar of the
hostile mob as I step out on to the balcony.  Now I dry my hands,
vigorously, so that Miss, whose name I forget, cannot suspect that
I am waving my fist at an infuriated mob.  "I am your Empress,
people."  My attitude is one of defiance.  I am fearless.  I
conquer.

'But this is a thin dream.  This is a papery tree.  Miss Lambert
blows it down.  Even the sight of her vanishing down the corridor
blows it to atoms.  It is not solid; it gives me no satisfaction--
this Empress dream.  It leaves me, now that it has fallen, here in
the passage rather shivering.  Things seem paler.  I will go now
into the library and take out some book, and read and look; and
read again and look.  Here is a poem about a hedge.  I will wander
down it and pick flowers, green cowbind and the moonlight-coloured
May, wild roses and ivy serpentine.  I will clasp them in my hands
and lay them on the desk's shiny surface.  I will sit by the
river's trembling edge and look at the water-lilies, broad and
bright, which lit the oak that overhung the hedge with moonlight
beams of their own watery light.  I will pick flowers; I will bind
flowers in one garland and clasp them and present them--Oh! to
whom?  There is some check in the flow of my being; a deep stream
presses on some obstacle; it jerks; it tugs; some knot in the
centre resists.  Oh, this is pain, this is anguish!  I faint, I
fail.  Now my body thaws; I am unsealed, I am incandescent.  Now
the stream pours in a deep tide fertilizing, opening the shut,
forcing the tight-folded, flooding free.  To whom shall I give all
that now flows through me, from my warm, my porous body?  I will
gather my flowers and present them--Oh! to whom?

'Sailors loiter on the parade, and amorous couples; the omnibuses
rattle along the sea front to the town.  I will give; I will
enrich; I will return to the world this beauty.  I will bind my
flowers in one garland and advancing with my hand outstretched will
present them--Oh! to whom?'



'Now we have received,' said Louis, 'for this is the last day of
the last term--Neville's and Bernard's and my last day--whatever
our masters have had to give us.  The introduction has been made;
the world presented.  They stay, we depart.  The great Doctor, whom
of all men I most revere, swaying a little from side to side among
the tables, the bound volumes, has dealt out Horace, Tennyson, the
complete works of Keats and Matthew Arnold, suitably inscribed.  I
respect the hand which gave them.  He speaks with complete
conviction.  To him his words are true, though not to us.  Speaking
in the gruff voice of deep emotion, fiercely, tenderly, he has told
us that we are about to go.  He has bid us "quit ourselves like
men".  (On his lips quotations from the Bible, from The Times, seem
equally magnificent.)  Some will do this; others that.  Some will
not meet again.  Neville, Bernard and I shall not meet here again.
Life will divide us.  But we have formed certain ties.  Our boyish,
our irresponsible years are over.  But we have forged certain
links.  Above all, we have inherited traditions.  These stone flags
have been worn for six hundred years.  On these walls are inscribed
the names of men of war, of statesmen, of some unhappy poets (mine
shall be among them).  Blessings be on all traditions, on all
safeguards and circumscriptions!  I am most grateful to you men in
black gowns, and you, dead, for your leading, for your guardianship;
yet after all, the problem remains.  The differences are not yet
solved.  Flowers toss their heads outside the window. I see wild
birds, and impulses wilder than the wildest birds strike from my
wild heart.  My eyes are wild; my lips tight pressed.  The bird
flies; the flower dances; but I hear always the sullen thud of the
waves; and the chained beast stamps on the beach.  It stamps and
stamps.'

'This is the final ceremony,' said Bernard.  This is the last of
all our ceremonies.  We are overcome by strange feelings.  The
guard holding his flag is about to blow his whistle; the train
breathing steam in another moment is about to start.  One wants to
say something, to feel something, absolutely appropriate to the
occasion.  One's mind is primed; one's lips are pursed.  And then a
bee drifts in and hums round the flowers in the bouquet which Lady
Hampton, the wife of the General, keeps smelling to show her
appreciation of the compliment.  If the bee were to sting her nose?
We are all deeply moved; yet irreverent; yet penitent; yet anxious
to get it over; yet reluctant to part.  The bee distracts us; its
casual flight seems to deride our intensity.  Humming vaguely,
skimming widely, it is settled now on the carnation.  Many of us
will not meet again.  We shall not enjoy certain pleasures again,
when we are free to go to bed, or to sit up, when I need no longer
smuggle in bits of candle-ends and immoral literature.  The bee now
hums round the head of the great Doctor.  Larpent, John, Archie,
Percival, Baker and Smith--I have liked them enormously.  I have
known one mad boy only.  I have hated one mean boy only.  I enjoy
in retrospect my terribly awkward breakfasts at the Headmaster's
table with toast and marmalade.  He alone does not notice the bee.
If it were to settle on his nose he would flick it off with one
magnificent gesture.  Now he has made his joke; now his voice has
almost broken but not quite.  Now we are dismissed--Louis, Neville
and I for ever.  We take our highly polished books, scholastically
inscribed in a little crabbed hand.  We rise, we disperse; the
pressure is removed.  The bee has become an insignificant, a
disregarded insect, flown through the open window into obscurity.
Tomorrow we go.'

'We are about to part,' said Neville.  'Here are the boxes; here
are the cabs.  There is Percival in his billycock hat.  He will
forget me.  He will leave my letters lying about among guns and
dogs unanswered.  I shall send him poems and he will perhaps reply
with a picture post card.  But it is for that that I love him.  I
shall propose meeting--under a clock, by some Cross; and shall
wait, and he will not come.  It is for that that I love him.
Oblivious, almost entirely ignorant, he will pass from my life.
And I shall pass, incredible as it seems, into other lives; this is
only an escapade perhaps, a prelude only.  I feel already, though I
cannot endure the Doctor's pompous mummery and faked emotions, that
things we have only dimly perceived draw near.  I shall be free to
enter the garden where Fenwick raises his mallet.  Those who have
despised me shall acknowledge my sovereignty.  But by some
inscrutable law of my being sovereignty and the possession of power
will not be enough; I shall always push through curtains to
privacy, and want some whispered words alone.  Therefore I go,
dubious, but elate; apprehensive of intolerable pain; yet I think
bound in my adventuring to conquer after huge suffering, bound,
surely, to discover my desire in the end.  There, for the last
time, I see the statue of our pious founder with the doves about
his head.  They will wheel for ever about his head, whitening it,
while the organ moans in the chapel.  So I take my seat; and, when
I have found my place in the comer of our reserved compartment, I
will shade my eyes with a book to hide one tear; I will shade my
eyes to observe; to peep at one face.  It is the first day of the
summer holidays.'



'It is the first day of the summer holidays,' said Susan.  'But the
day is still rolled up.  I will not examine it until I step out on
to the platform in the evening.  I will not let myself even smell
it until I smell the cold green air off the fields.  But already
these are not school fields; these are not school hedges; the men
in these fields are doing real things; they fill carts with real
hay; and those are real cows, not school cows.  But the carbolic
smell of corridors and the chalky smell of schoolrooms is still in
my nostrils.  The glazed, shiny look of matchboard is still in my
eyes.  I must wait for fields and hedges, and woods and fields, and
steep railway cuttings, sprinkled with gorse bushes, and trucks in
sidings, and tunnels and suburban gardens with women hanging out
washing, and then fields again and children swinging on gates, to
cover it over, to bury it deep, this school that I have hated.

'I will not send my children to school nor spend a night all my
life in London.  Here in this vast station everything echoes and
booms hollowly.  The light is like the yellow light under an
awning.  Jinny lives here.  Jinny takes her dog for walks on these
pavements.  People here shoot through the streets silently.  They
look at nothing but shop-windows.  Their heads bob up and down all
at about the same height.  The streets are laced together with
telegraph wires.  The houses are all glass, all festoons and
glitter; now all front doors and lace curtains, all pillars and
white steps.  But now I pass on, out of London again; the fields
begin again; and the houses, and women hanging washing, and trees
and fields.  London is now veiled, now vanished, now crumbled, now
fallen.  The carbolic and the pitch-pine begin to lose their
savour.  I smell corn and turnips.  I undo a paper packet tied with
a piece of white cotton.  The egg shells slide into the cleft
between my knees.  Now we stop at station after station, rolling
out milk cans.  Now women kiss each other and help with baskets.
Now I will let myself lean out of the window.  The air rushes down
my nose and throat--the cold air, the salt air with the smell of
turnip fields in it.  And there is my father, with his back turned,
talking to a farmer.  I tremble, I cry.  There is my father in
gaiters.  There is my father.'

'I sit snug in my own corner going North,' said Jinny, 'in this
roaring express which is yet so smooth that it flattens hedges,
lengthens hills.  We flash past signal-boxes; we make the earth
rock slightly from side to side.  The distance closes for ever in a
point; and we for ever open the distance wide again.  The telegraph
poles bob up incessantly; one is felled, another rises.  Now we
roar and swing into a tunnel.  The gentleman pulls up the window.
I see reflections on the shining glass which lines the tunnel.  I
see him lower his paper.  He smiles at my reflection in the tunnel.
My body instantly of its own accord puts forth a frill under his
gaze.  My body lives a life of its own.  Now the black window glass
is green again.  We are out of the tunnel.  He reads his paper.
But we have exchanged the approval of our bodies.  There is then a
great society of bodies, and mine is introduced; mine has come into
the room where the gilt chairs are.  Look--all the windows of the
villas and their white-tented curtains dance; and the men sitting
in the hedges in the cornfields with knotted blue handkerchiefs are
aware too, as I am aware, of heat and rapture.  One waves as we
pass him.  There are bowers and arbours in these villa gardens and
young men in shirt-sleeves on ladders trimming roses.  A man on a
horse canters over the field.  His horse plunges as we pass.  And
the rider turns to look at us.  We roar again through blackness.
And I lie back; I give myself up to rapture; I think that at the
end of the tunnel I enter a lamp-lit room with chairs, into one of
which I sink, much admired, my dress billowing round me.  But
behold, looking up, I meet the eyes of a sour woman, who suspects
me of rapture.  My body shuts in her face, impertinently, like a
parasol.  I open my body, I shut my body at my will.  Life is
beginning.  I now break into my hoard of life.'

'It is the first day of the summer holidays,' said Rhoda.  'And
now, as the train passes by these red rocks, by this blue sea, the
term, done with, forms itself into one shape behind me.  I see its
colour.  June was white.  I see the fields white with daisies, and
white with dresses; and tennis courts marked with white.  Then
there was wind and violent thunder.  There was a star riding
through clouds one night, and I said to the star, "Consume me."
That was at midsummer, after the garden party and my humiliation at
the garden party.  Wind and storm coloured July.  Also, in the
middle, cadaverous, awful, lay the grey puddle in the courtyard,
when, holding an envelope in my hand, I carried a message.  I came
to the puddle.  I could not cross it.  Identity failed me.  We are
nothing, I said, and fell.  I was blown like a feather, I was
wafted down tunnels.  Then very gingerly, I pushed my foot across.
I laid my hand against a brick wall.  I returned very painfully,
drawing myself back into my body over the grey, cadaverous space of
the puddle.  This is life then to which I am committed.

'So I detach the summer term.  With intermittent shocks, sudden as
the springs of a tiger, life emerges heaving its dark crest from
the sea.  It is to this we are attached; it is to this we are
bound, as bodies to wild horses.  And yet we have invented devices
for filling up the crevices and disguising these fissures.  Here is
the ticket collector.  Here are two men; three women; there is a
cat in a basket; myself with my elbow on the window-sill--this is
here and now.  We draw on, we make off, through whispering fields
of golden corn.  Women in the fields are surprised to be left
behind there, hoeing.  The train now stamps heavily, breathes
stertorously, as it climbs up and up.  At last we are on the top of
the moor.  Only a few wild sheep live here; a few shaggy ponies;
yet we are provided with every comfort; with tables to hold our
newspapers, with rings to hold our tumblers.  We come carrying
these appliances with us over the top of the moor.  Now we are on
the summit.  Silence will close behind us.  If I look back over
that bald head, I can see silence already closing and the shadows
of clouds chasing each other over the empty moor; silence closes
over our transient passage.  This I say is the present moment; this
is the first day of the summer holidays.  This is part of the
emerging monster to whom we are attached.'



'Now we are off,' said Louis.  'Now I hang suspended without
attachments.  We are nowhere.  We are passing through England in a
train.  England slips by the window, always changing from hill to
wood, from rivers and willows to towns again.  And I have no firm
ground to which I go.  Bernard and Neville, Percival, Archie,
Larpent and Baker go to Oxford or Cambridge, to Edinburgh, Rome,
Paris, Berlin, or to some American University.  I go vaguely, to
make money vaguely.  Therefore a poignant shadow, a keen accent,
falls on these golden bristles, on these poppy-red fields, this
flowing corn that never overflows its boundaries; but runs rippling
to the edge.  This is the first day of a new life, another spoke of
the rising wheel.  But my body passes vagrant as a bird's shadow.
I should be transient as the shadow on the meadow, soon fading,
soon darkening and dying there where it meets the wood, were it not
that I coerce my brain to form in my forehead; I force myself to
state, if only in one line of unwritten poetry, this moment; to
mark this inch in the long, long history that began in Egypt, in
the time of the Pharaohs, when women carried red pitchers to the
Nile.  I seem already to have lived many thousand years.  But if I
now shut my eyes, if I fail to realize the meeting-place of past
and present, that I sit in a third-class railway carriage full of
boys going home for the holidays, human history is defrauded of a
moment's vision.  Its eye, that would see through me, shuts--if I
sleep now, through slovenliness, or cowardice, burying myself in
the past, in the dark; or acquiesce, as Bernard acquiesces, telling
stories; or boast, as Percival, Archie, John, Walter, Lathom,
Larpent, Roper, Smith boast--the names are the same always, the
names of the boasting boys.  They are all boasting, all talking,
except Neville, who slips a look occasionally over the edge of a
French novel, and so will always slip into cushioned firelit rooms,
with many books and one friend, while I tilt on an office chair
behind a counter.  Then I shall grow bitter and mock at them.  I
shall envy them their continuance down the safe traditional ways
under the shade of old yew trees while I consort with cockneys and
clerks, and tap the pavements of the city.

'But now disembodied, passing over fields without lodgment--(there
is a river; a man fishes; there is a spire, there is the village
street with its bow-windowed inn)--all is dreamlike and dim to me.
These hard thoughts, this envy, this bitterness, make no lodgment
in me.  I am the ghost of Louis, an ephemeral passer-by, in whose
mind dreams have power, and garden sounds when in the early morning
petals float on fathomless depths and the birds sing.  I dash and
sprinkle myself with the bright waters of childhood.  Its thin veil
quivers.  But the chained beast stamps and stamps on the shore.'

'Louis and Neville,' said Bernard, 'both sit silent.  Both are
absorbed.  Both feel the presence of other people as a separating
wall.  But if I find myself in company with other people, words at
once make smoke rings--see how phrases at once begin to wreathe off
my lips.  It seems that a match is set to a fire; something burns.
An elderly and apparently prosperous man, a traveller, now gets in.
And I at once wish to approach him; I instinctively dislike the
sense of his presence, cold, unassimilated, among us.  I do not
believe in separation.  We are not single.  Also I wish to add to
my collection of valuable observations upon the true nature of
human life.  My book will certainly run to many volumes, embracing
every known variety of man and woman.  I fill my mind with whatever
happens to be the contents of a room or a railway carriage as one
fills a fountain-pen in an inkpot.  I have a steady unquenchable
thirst.  Now I feel by imperceptible signs, which I cannot yet
interpret but will later, that his defiance is about to thaw.  His
solitude shows signs of cracking.  He has passed a remark about a
country house.  A smoke ring issues from my lips (about crops) and
circles him, bringing him into contact.  The human voice has a
disarming quality--(we are not single, we are one).  As we exchange
these few but amiable remarks about country houses, I furbish him
up and make him concrete.  He is indulgent as a husband but not
faithful; a small builder who employs a few men.  In local society
he is important; is already a councillor, and perhaps in time will
be mayor.  He wears a large ornament, like a double tooth torn up
by the roots, made of coral, hanging at his watch-chain.  Walter J.
Trumble is the sort of name that would fit him.  He has been in
America, on a business trip with his wife, and a double room in a
smallish hotel cost him a whole month's wages.  His front tooth is
stopped with gold.

'The fact is that I have little aptitude for reflection.  I require
the concrete in everything.  It is so only that I lay hands upon
the world.  A good phrase, however, seems to me to have an
independent existence.  Yet I think it is likely that the best are
made in solitude.  They require some final refrigeration which I
cannot give them, dabbling always in warm soluble words.  My
method, nevertheless, has certain advantages over theirs.  Neville
is repelled by the grossness of Trumble.  Louis, glancing, tripping
with the high step of a disdainful crane, picks up words as if in
sugar-tongs.  It is true that his eyes--wild, laughing, yet
desperate--express something that we have not gauged.  There is
about both Neville and Louis a precision, an exactitude, that I
admire and shall never possess.  Now I begin to be aware that
action is demanded.  We approach a junction; at a junction I have
to change.  I have to board a train for Edinburgh.  I cannot
precisely lay fingers on this fact--it lodges loosely among my
thoughts like a button, like a small coin.  Here is the jolly old
boy who collects tickets.  I had one--I had one certainly.  But it
does not matter.  Either I shall find it, or I shall not find it.
I examine my note-case.  I look in all my pockets.  These are the
things that for ever interrupt the process upon which I am
eternally engaged of finding some perfect phrase that fits this
very moment exactly.'

'Bernard has gone,' said Neville, 'without a ticket.  He has
escaped us, making a phrase, waving his hand.  He talked as easily
to the horse-breeder or to the plumber as to us.  The plumber
accepted him with devotion.  "If he had a son like that," he was
thinking, "he would manage to send him to Oxford."  But what did
Bernard feel for the plumber?  Did he not only wish to continue the
sequence of the story which he never stops telling himself?  He
began it when he rolled his bread into pellets as a child.  One
pellet was a man, one was a woman.  We are all pellets.  We are all
phrases in Bernard's story, things he writes down in his notebook
under A or under B.  He tells our story with extraordinary
understanding, except of what we most feel.  For he does not need
us.  He is never at our mercy.  There he is, waving his arms on the
platform.  The train has gone without him.  He has missed his
connection.  He has lost his ticket.  But that does not matter.  He
will talk to the barmaid about the nature of human destiny.  We are
off; he has forgotten us already; we pass out of his view; we go
on, filled with lingering sensations, half bitter, half sweet, for
he is somehow to be pitied, breasting the world with half-finished
phrases, having lost his ticket: he is also to be loved.

'Now I pretend again to read.  I raise my book, till it almost
covers my eyes.  But I cannot read in the presence of horse-dealers
and plumbers.  I have no power of ingratiating myself.  I do not
admire that man; he does not admire me.  Let me at least be honest.
Let me denounce this piffling, trifling, self-satisfied world;
these horse-hair seats; these coloured photographs of piers and
parades.  I could shriek aloud at the smug self-satisfaction, at
the mediocrity of this world, which breeds horse-dealers with coral
ornaments hanging from their watch-chains.  There is that in me
which will consume them entirely.  My laughter shall make them
twist in their seats; shall drive them howling before me.  No; they
are immortal.  They triumph.  They will make it impossible for me
always to read Catullus in a third-class railway carriage.  They
will drive me in October to take refuge in one of the universities,
where I shall become a don; and go with schoolmasters to Greece;
and lecture on the ruins of the Parthenon.  It would be better to
breed horses and live in one of those red villas than to run in and
out of the skulls of Sophocles and Euripides like a maggot, with a
high-minded wife, one of those University women.  That, however,
will be my fate.  I shall suffer.  I am already at eighteen capable
of such contempt that horse-breeders hate me.  That is my triumph;
I do not compromise.  I am not timid; I have no accent.  I do not
finick about fearing what people think of "my father a banker at
Brisbane" like Louis.

'Now we draw near the centre of the civilized world.  There are the
familiar gasometers.  There are the public gardens intersected by
asphalt paths.  There are the lovers lying shamelessly mouth to
mouth on the burnt grass.  Percival is now almost in Scotland; his
train draws through the red moors; he sees the long line of the
Border hills and the Roman wall.  He reads a detective novel, yet
understands everything.

The train slows and lengthens, as we approach London, the centre,
and my heart draws out too, in fear, in exultation.  I am about to
meet--what?  What extraordinary adventure waits me, among these
mail vans, these porters, these swarms of people calling taxis?  I
feel insignificant, lost, but exultant.  With a soft shock we stop.
I will let the others get out before me.  I will sit still one
moment before I emerge into that chaos, that tumult.  I will not
anticipate what is to come.  The huge uproar is in my ears.  It
sounds and resounds, under this glass roof like the surge of a sea.
We are cast down on the platform with our handbags.  We are whirled
asunder.  My sense of self almost perishes; my contempt.  I become
drawn in, tossed down, thrown sky-high.  I step out on to the
platform, grasping tightly all that I possess--one bag.'




The sun rose.  Bars of yellow and green fell on the shore, gilding
the ribs of the eaten-out boat and making the sea-holly and its
mailed leaves gleam blue as steel.  Light almost pierced the thin
swift waves as they raced fan-shaped over the beach.  The girl who
had shaken her head and made all the jewels, the topaz, the
aquamarine, the water-coloured jewels with sparks of fire in them,
dance, now bared her brows and with wide-opened eyes drove a
straight pathway over the waves.  Their quivering mackerel
sparkling was darkened; they massed themselves; their green hollows
deepened and darkened and might be traversed by shoals of wandering
fish.  As they splashed and drew back they left a black rim of
twigs and cork on the shore and straws and sticks of wood, as if
some light shallop had foundered and burst its sides and the sailor
had swum to land and bounded up the cliff and left his frail cargo
to be washed ashore.

In the garden the birds that had sung erratically and spasmodically
in the dawn on that tree, on that bush, now sang together in
chorus, shrill and sharp; now together, as if conscious of
companionship, now alone as if to the pale blue sky.  They swerved,
all in one flight, when the black cat moved among the bushes, when
the cook threw cinders on the ash heap and startled them.  Fear was
in their song, and apprehension of pain, and joy to be snatched
quickly now at this instant.  Also they sang emulously in the clear
morning air, swerving high over the elm tree, singing together as
they chased each other, escaping, pursuing, pecking each other as
they turned high in the air.  And then tiring of pursuit and
flight, lovelily they came descending, delicately declining,
dropped down and sat silent on the tree, on the wall, with their
bright eyes glancing, and their heads turned this way, that way;
aware, awake; intensely conscious of one thing, one object in
particular.

Perhaps it was a snail shell, rising in the grass like a grey
cathedral, a swelling building burnt with dark rings and shadowed
green by the grass.  Or perhaps they saw the splendour of the
flowers making a light of flowing purple over the beds, through
which dark tunnels of purple shade were driven between the stalks.
Or they fixed their gaze on the small bright apple leaves, dancing
yet withheld, stiffly sparkling among the pink-tipped blossoms.  Or
they saw the rain drop on the hedge, pendent but not falling, with
a whole house bent in it, and towering elms; or, gazing straight at
the sun, their eyes became gold beads.

Now glancing this side, that side, they looked deeper, beneath the
flowers, down the dark avenues into the unlit world where the leaf
rots and the flower has fallen.  Then one of them, beautifully
darting, accurately alighting, spiked the soft, monstrous body of
the defenceless worm, pecked again and yet again, and left it to
fester.  Down there among the roots where the flowers decayed,
gusts of dead smells were wafted; drops formed on the bloated sides
of swollen things.  The skin of rotten fruit broke, and matter
oozed too thick to run.  Yellow excretions were exuded by slugs,
and now and again an amorphous body with a head at either end
swayed slowly from side to side.  The gold-eyed birds darting in
between the leaves observed that purulence, that wetness,
quizzically.  Now and then they plunged the tips of their beaks
savagely into the sticky mixture.

Now, too, the rising sun came in at the window, touching the red-
edged curtain, and began to bring out circles and lines.  Now in
the growing light its whiteness settled in the plate; the blade
condensed its gleam.  Chairs and cupboards loomed behind so that
though each was separate they seemed inextricably involved.  The
looking-glass whitened its pool upon the wall.  The real flower on
the window-sill was attended by a phantom flower.  Yet the phantom
was part of the flower, for when a bud broke free the paler flower
in the glass opened a bud too.

The wind rose.  The waves drummed on the shore, like turbaned
warriors, like turbaned men with poisoned assegais who, whirling
their arms on high, advance upon the feeding flocks, the white
sheep.




'The complexity of things becomes more close,' said Bernard, 'here
at college, where the stir and pressure of life are so extreme,
where the excitement of mere living becomes daily more urgent.
Every hour something new is unburied in the great bran pie.  What
am I? I ask.  This?  No, I am that.  Especially now, when I have
left a room, and people talking, and the stone flags ring out with
my solitary footsteps, and I behold the moon rising, sublimely,
indifferently, over the ancient chapel--then it becomes clear that
I am not one and simple, but complex and many.  Bernard, in public,
bubbles; in private, is secretive.  That is what they do not
understand, for they are now undoubtedly discussing me, saying I
escape them, am evasive.  They do not understand that I have to
effect different transitions; have to cover the entrances and exits
of several different men who alternately act their parts as
Bernard.  I am abnormally aware of circumstances.  I can never read
a book in a railway carriage without asking, Is he a builder?  Is
she unhappy?  I was aware today acutely that poor Simes, with his
pimple, was feeling, how bitterly, that his chance of making a good
impression upon Billy Jackson was remote.  Feeling this painfully,
I invited him to dinner with ardour.  This he will attribute to an
admiration which is not mine.  That is true.  But "joined to the
sensibility of a woman" (I am here quoting my own biographer)
"Bernard possessed the logical sobriety of a man."  Now people who
make a single impression, and that, in the main, a good one (for
there seems to be a virtue in simplicity), are those who keep their
equilibrium in mid-stream.  (I instantly see fish with their noses
one way, the stream rushing past another.)  Canon, Lycett, Peters,
Hawkins, Larpent, Neville--all fish in mid-stream.  But you
understand, YOU, my self, who always comes at a call (that would be
a harrowing experience to call and for no one to come; that would
make the midnight hollow, and explains the expression of old men in
clubs--they have given up calling for a self who does not come),
you understand that I am only superficially represented by what I
was saying tonight.  Underneath, and, at the moment when I am most
disparate, I am also integrated.  I sympathize effusively; I also
sit, like a toad in a hole, receiving with perfect coldness
whatever comes.  Very few of you who are now discussing me have the
double capacity to feel, to reason.  Lycett, you see, believes in
running after hares; Hawkins has spent a most industrious afternoon
in the library.  Peters has his young lady at the circulating
library.  You are all engaged, involved, drawn in, and absolutely
energized to the top of your bent--all save Neville, whose mind is
far too complex to be roused by any single activity.  I also am too
complex.  In my case something remains floating, unattached.

'Now, as a proof of my susceptibility to atmosphere, here, as I
come into my room, and turn on the light, and see the sheet of
paper, the table, my gown lying negligently over the back of the
chair, I feel that I am that dashing yet reflective man, that bold
and deleterious figure, who, lightly throwing off his cloak, seizes
his pen and at once flings off the following letter to the girl
with whom he is passionately in love.

'Yes, all is propitious.  I am now in the mood.  I can write the
letter straight off which I have begun ever so many times.  I have
just come in; I have flung down my hat and my stick; I am writing
the first thing that comes into my head without troubling to put
the paper straight.  It is going to be a brilliant sketch which,
she must think, was written without a pause, without an erasure.
Look how unformed the letters are--there is a careless blot.  All
must be sacrificed to speed and carelessness.  I will write a
quick, running, small hand, exaggerating the down stroke of the "y"
and crossing the "t" thus--with a dash.  The date shall be only
Tuesday, the 17th, and then a question mark.  But also I must give
her the impression that though he--for this is not myself--is
writing in such an off-hand, such a slap-dash way, there is some
subtle suggestion of intimacy and respect.  I must allude to talks
we have had together--bring back some remembered scene.  But I must
seem to her (this is very important) to be passing from thing to
thing with the greatest ease in the world.  I shall pass from the
service for the man who was drowned (I have a phrase for that) to
Mrs Moffat and her sayings (I have a note of them), and so to some
reflections apparently casual but full of profundity (profound
criticism is often written casually) about some book I have been
reading, some out-of-the-way book.  I want her to say as she
brushes her hair or puts out the candle, "Where did I read that?
Oh, in Bernard's letter."  It is the speed, the hot, molten effect,
the laval flow of sentence into sentence that I need.  Who am I
thinking of?  Byron of course.  I am, in some ways, like Byron.
Perhaps a sip of Byron will help to put me in the vein.  Let me
read a page.  No; this is dull; this is scrappy.  This is rather
too formal.  Now I am getting the hang of it.  Now I am getting his
beat into my brain (the rhythm is the main thing in writing).  Now,
without pausing I will begin, on the very lilt of the stroke--.

'Yet it falls flat.  It peters out.  I cannot get up steam enough
to carry me over the transition.  My true self breaks off from my
assumed.  And if I begin to re-write it, she will feel "Bernard is
posing as a literary man; Bernard is thinking of his biographer"
(which is true).  No, I will write the letter tomorrow directly
after breakfast.

'Now let me fill my mind with imaginary pictures.  Let me suppose
that I am asked to stay at Restover, King's Laughton, Station
Langley three miles.  I arrive in the dusk.  In the courtyard of
this shabby but distinguished house there are two or three dogs,
slinking, long-legged.  There are faded rugs in the hall; a
military gentleman smokes a pipe as he paces the terrace.  The note
is of distinguished poverty and military connections.  A hunter's
hoof on the writing table--a favourite horse.  "Do you ride?"
"Yes, sir, I love riding."  "My daughter expects us in the drawing-
room."  My heart pounds against my ribs.  She is standing at a low
table; she has been hunting; she munches sandwiches like a tomboy.
I make a fairly good impression on the Colonel.  I am not too
clever, he thinks; I am not too raw.  Also I play billiards.  Then
the nice maid who has been with the family thirty years comes in.
The pattern on the plates is of Oriental long-tailed birds.  Her
mother's portrait in muslin hangs over the fireplace.  I can sketch
the surroundings up to a point with extraordinary ease.  But can I
make it work?  Can I hear her voice--the precise tone with which,
when we are alone, she says "Bernard"?  And then what next?

'The truth is that I need the stimulus of other people.  Alone,
over my dead fire, I tend to see the thin places in my own stories.
The real novelist, the perfectly simple human being, could go on,
indefinitely, imagining.  He would not integrate, as I do.  He
would not have this devastating sense of grey ashes in a burnt-out
grate.  Some blind flaps in my eyes.  Everything becomes
impervious.  I cease to invent.

'Let me recollect.  It has been on the whole a good day.  The drop
that forms on the roof of the soul in the evening is round, many-
coloured.  There was the morning, fine; there was the afternoon,
walking.  I like views of spires across grey fields.  I like
glimpses between people's shoulders.  Things kept popping into my
head.  I was imaginative, subtle.  After dinner, I was dramatic.  I
put into concrete form many things that we had dimly observed about
our common friends.  I made my transitions easily.  But now let me
ask myself the final question, as I sit over this grey fire, with
its naked promontories of black coal, which of these people am I?
It depends so much upon the room.  When I say to myself, "Bernard",
who comes?  A faithful, sardonic man, disillusioned, but not
embittered.  A man of no particular age or calling.  Myself,
merely.  It is he who now takes the poker and rattles the cinders
so that they fall in showers through the grate.  "Lord," he says to
himself, watching them fall, "what a pother!" and then he adds,
lugubriously, but with some sense of consolation, "Mrs Moffat will
come and sweep it all up--"  I fancy I shall often repeat to myself
that phrase, as I rattle and bang through life, hitting first this
side of the carriage, then the other, "Oh, yes, Mrs Moffat will
come and sweep it all up."  And so to bed.'

'In a world which contains the present moment,' said Neville, 'why
discriminate?  Nothing should be named lest by so doing we change
it.  Let it exist, this bank, this beauty, and I, for one instant,
steeped in pleasure.  The sun is hot.  I see the river.  I see
trees specked and burnt in the autumn sunlight.  Boats float past,
through the red, through the green.  Far away a bell tolls, but not
for death.  There are bells that ring for life.  A leaf falls, from
joy.  Oh, I am in love with life!  Look how the willow shoots its
fine sprays into the air!  Look how through them a boat passes,
filled with indolent, with unconscious, with powerful young men.
They are listening to the gramophone; they are eating fruit out of
paper bags.  They are tossing the skins of bananas, which then sink
eel-like, into the river.  All they do is beautiful.  There are
cruets behind them and ornaments; their rooms are full of oars and
oleographs but they have turned all to beauty.  That boat passes
under the bridge.  Another comes.  Then another.  That is Percival,
lounging on the cushions, monolithic, in giant repose.  No, it is
only one of his satellites, imitating his monolithic, his giant
repose.  He alone is unconscious of their tricks, and when he
catches them at it he buffets them good-humouredly with a blow of
his paw.  They, too, have passed under the bridge through 'the
fountains of the pendant trees', through its fine strokes of yellow
and plum colour.  The breeze stirs; the curtain quivers; I see
behind the leaves the grave, yet eternally joyous buildings, which
seem porous, not gravid; light, though set so immemorially on the
ancient turf.  Now begins to rise in me the familiar rhythm; words
that have lain dormant now lift, now toss their crests, and fall
and rise, and fall and rise again.  I am a poet, yes.  Surely I am
a great poet.  Boats and youth passing and distant trees, "the
falling fountains of the pendant trees".  I see it all.  I feel it
all.  I am inspired.  My eyes fill with tears.  Yet even as I feel
this, I lash my frenzy higher and higher.  It foams.  It becomes
artificial, insincere.  Words and words and words, how they gallop--
how they lash their long manes and tails, but for some fault in me
I cannot give myself to their backs; I cannot fly with them,
scattering women and string bags.  There is some flaw in me--some
fatal hesitancy, which, if I pass it over, turns to foam and
falsity.  Yet it is incredible that I should not be a great poet.
What did I write last night if it was not good poetry?  Am I too
fast, too facile?  I do not know.  I do not know myself sometimes,
or how to measure and name and count out the grains that make me
what I am.

'Something now leaves me; something goes from me to meet that
figure who is coming, and assures me that I know him before I see
who it is.  How curiously one is changed by the addition, even at a
distance, of a friend.  How useful an office one's friends perform
when they recall us.  Yet how painful to be recalled, to be
mitigated, to have one's self adulterated, mixed up, become part of
another.  As he approaches I become not myself but Neville mixed
with somebody--with whom?--with Bernard?  Yes, it is Bernard, and
it is to Bernard that I shall put the question, Who am I?'

'How strange,' said Bernard, 'the willow looks seen together.  I
was Byron, and the tree was Byron's tree, lachrymose, down-
showering, lamenting.  Now that we look at the tree together, it
has a combined look, each branch distinct, and I will tell you what
I feel, under the compulsion of your clarity.

'I feel your disapproval, I feel your force.  I become, with you,
an untidy, an impulsive human being whose bandanna handkerchief is
for ever stained with the grease of crumpets.  Yes, I hold Gray's
Elegy in one hand; with the other I scoop out the bottom crumpet,
that has absorbed all the butter and sticks to the bottom of the
plate.  This offends you; I feel your distress acutely.  Inspired
by it and anxious to regain your good opinion, I proceed to tell
you how I have just pulled Percival out of bed; I describe his
slippers, his table, his guttered candle; his surly and complaining
accents as I pull the blankets off his feet; he burrowing like some
vast cocoon meanwhile.  I describe all this in such a way that,
centred as you are upon some private sorrow (for a hooded shape
presides over our encounter), you give way, you laugh and delight
in me.  My charm and flow of language, unexpected and spontaneous
as it is, delights me too.  I am astonished, as I draw the veil off
things with words, how much, how infinitely more than I can say, I
have observed.  More and more bubbles into my mind as I talk,
images and images.  This, I say to myself, is what I need; why, I
ask, can I not finish the letter that I am writing?  For my room is
always scattered with unfinished letters.  I begin to suspect, when
I am with you, that I am among the most gifted of men.  I am filled
with the delight of youth, with potency, with the sense of what is
to come.  Blundering, but fervid, I see myself buzzing round
flowers, humming down scarlet cups, making blue funnels resound
with my prodigious booming.  How richly I shall enjoy my youth (you
make me feel).  And London.  And freedom.  But stop.  You are not
listening.  You are making some protest, as you slide, with an
inexpressibly familiar gesture, your hand along your knee.  By such
signs we diagnose our friends' diseases.  "Do not, in your
affluence and plenty," you seem to say, "pass me by."  "Stop," you
say.  "Ask me what I suffer."

'Let me then create you.  (You have done as much for me.)  You lie
on this hot bank, in this lovely, this fading, this still bright
October day, watching boat after boat float through the combed-out
twigs of the willow tree.  And you wish to be a poet; and you wish
to be a lover.  But the splendid clarity of your intelligence, and
the remorseless honesty of your intellect (these Latin words I owe
you; these qualities of yours make me shift a little uneasily and
see the faded patches, the thin strands in my own equipment) bring
you to a halt.  You indulge in no mystifications.  You do not fog
yourself with rosy clouds, or yellow.

'Am I right?  Have I read the little gesture of your left hand
correctly?  If so, give me your poems; hand over the sheets you
wrote last night in such a fervour of inspiration that you now feel
a little sheepish.  For you distrust inspiration, yours or mine.
Let us go back together, over the bridge, under the elm trees, to
my room, where, with walls round us and red serge curtains drawn,
we can shut out these distracting voices, scents and savours of
lime trees, and other lives; these pert shop-girls, disdainfully
tripping, these shuffling, heavy-laden old women; these furtive
glimpses of some vague and vanishing figure--it might be Jinny, it
might be Susan, or was that Rhoda disappearing down the avenue?
Again, from some slight twitch I guess your feeling; I have escaped
you; I have gone buzzing like a swarm of bees, endlessly vagrant,
with none of your power of fixing remorselessly upon a single
object.  But I will return.'

'When there are buildings like these,' said Neville, 'I cannot
endure that there should be shop-girls.  Their titter, their
gossip, offends me; breaks into my stillness, and nudges me, in
moments of purest exultation, to remember our degradation.

'But now we have regained our territory after that brief brush with
the bicycles and the lime scent and the vanishing figures in the
distracted street.  Here we are masters of tranquillity and order;
inheritors of proud tradition.  The lights are beginning to make
yellow slits across the square.  Mists from the river are filling
these ancient spaces.  They cling, gently, to the hoary stone.  The
leaves now are thick in country lanes, sheep cough in the damp
fields; but here in your room we are dry.  We talk privately.  The
fire leaps and sinks, making some knob bright.

'You have been reading Byron.  You have been marking the passages
that seem to approve of your own character.  I find marks against
all those sentences which seem to express a sardonic yet passionate
nature; a moth-like impetuosity dashing itself against hard glass.
You thought, as you drew your pencil there, "I too throw off my
cloak like that.  I too snap my fingers in the face of destiny."
Yet Byron never made tea as you do, who fill the pot so that when
you put the lid on the tea spills over.  There is a brown pool on
the table--it is running among your books and papers.  Now you mop
it up, clumsily, with your pocket-handkerchief.  You then stuff
your handkerchief back into your pocket--that is not Byron; that is
you; that is so essentially you that if I think of you in twenty
years' time, when we are both famous, gouty and intolerable, it
will be by that scene: and if you are dead, I shall weep.  Once you
were Tolstoi's young man; now you are Byron's young man; perhaps
you will be Meredith's young man; then you will visit Paris in the
Easter vacation and come back wearing a black tie, some detestable
Frenchman whom nobody has ever heard of.  Then I shall drop you.

'I am one person--myself.  I do not impersonate Catullus, whom I
adore.  I am the most slavish of students, with here a dictionary,
there a notebook in which I enter curious uses of the past
participle.  But one cannot go on for ever cutting these ancient
inscriptions clearer with a knife.  Shall I always draw the red
serge curtain close and see my book, laid like a block of marble,
pale under the lamp?  That would be a glorious life, to addict
oneself to perfection; to follow the curve of the sentence wherever
it might lead, into deserts, under drifts of sand, regardless of
lures, of seductions; to be poor always and unkempt; to be
ridiculous in Piccadilly.

'But I am too nervous to end my sentence properly.  I speak
quickly, as I pace up and down, to conceal my agitation.  I hate
your greasy handkerchiefs--you will stain your copy of Don Juan.
You are not listening to me.  You are making phrases about Byron.
And while you gesticulate, with your cloak, your cane, I am trying
to expose a secret told to nobody yet; I am asking you (as I stand
with my back to you) to take my life in your hands and tell me
whether I am doomed always to cause repulsion in those I love?

'I stand with my back to you fidgeting.  No, my hands are now
perfectly still.  Precisely, opening a space in the bookcase, I
insert Don Juan; there.  I would rather be loved, I would rather be
famous than follow perfection through the sand.  But am I doomed to
cause disgust?  Am I a poet?  Take it.  The desire which is loaded
behind my lips, cold as lead, fell as a bullet, the thing I aim at
shop-girls, women, the pretence, the vulgarity of life (because I
love it) shoots at you as I throw--catch it--my poem.'

'He has shot like an arrow from the room,' said Bernard.  'He has
left me his poem.  O friendship, I too will press flowers between
the pages of Shakespeare's sonnets!  O friendship, how piercing are
your darts--there, there, again there.  He looked at me, turning to
face me; he gave me his poem.  All mists curl off the roof of my
being.  That confidence I shall keep to my dying day.  Like a long
wave, like a roll of heavy waters, he went over me, his devastating
presence--dragging me open, laying bare the pebbles on the shore of
my soul.  It was humiliating; I was turned to small stones.  All
semblances were rolled up.  "You are not Byron; you are your self."
To be contracted by another person into a single being--how
strange.

'How strange to feel the line that is spun from us lengthening its
fine filament across the misty spaces of the intervening world.  He
is gone; I stand here, holding his poem.  Between us is this line.
But now, how comfortable, how reassuring to feel that alien
presence removed, that scrutiny darkened and hooded over!  How
grateful to draw the blinds, and admit no other presence; to feel
returning from the dark corners in which they took refuge, those
shabby inmates, those familiars, whom, with his superior force, he
drove into hiding.  The mocking, the observant spirits who, even in
the crisis and stab of the moment, watched on my behalf now come
flocking home again.  With their addition, I am Bernard; I am
Byron; I am this, that and the other.  They darken the air and
enrich me, as of old, with their antics, their comments, and cloud
the fine simplicity of my moment of emotion.  For I am more selves
than Neville thinks.  We are not simple as our friends would have
us to meet their needs.  Yet love is simple.

'Now they have returned, my inmates, my familiars.  Now the stab,
the rent in my defences that Neville made with his astonishing fine
rapier, is repaired.  I am almost whole now; and see how jubilant I
am, bringing into play all that Neville ignores in me.  I feel, as
I look from the window, parting the curtains, "That would give him
no pleasure; but it rejoices me."  (We use our friends to measure
our own stature.)  My scope embraces what Neville never reaches.
They are shouting hunting-songs over the way.  They are celebrating
some run with the beagles.  The, little boys in caps who always
turned at the same moment when the brake went round the corner are
clapping each other on the shoulder and boasting.  But Neville,
delicately avoiding interference, stealthily, like a conspirator,
hastens back to his room.  I see him sunk in his low chair gazing
at the fire which has assumed for the moment an architectural
solidity.  If life, he thinks, could wear that permanence, if life
could have that order--for above all he desires order, and detests
my Byronic untidiness; and so draws his curtain; and bolts his
door.  His eyes (for he is in love; the sinister figure of love
presided at our encounter) fill with longing; fill with tears.  He
snatches the poker and with one blow destroys that momentary
appearance of solidity in the burning coals.  All changes.  And
youth and love.  The boat has floated through the arch of the
willows and is now under the bridge.  Percival, Tony, Archie, or
another, will go to India.  We shall not meet again.  Then he
stretches his hand for his copy-book--a neat volume bound in
mottled paper--and writes feverishly long lines of poetry, in the
manner of whomever he admires most at the moment.

'But I want to linger; to lean from the window; to listen.  There
again comes that rollicking chorus.  They are now smashing china--
that also is the convention.  The chorus, like a torrent jumping
rocks, brutally assaulting old trees, pours with splendid
abandonment headlong over precipices.  On they roll; on they
gallop, after hounds, after footballs; they pump up and down
attached to oars like sacks of flour.  All divisions are merged--
they act like one man.  The gusty October wind blows the uproar in
bursts of sound and silence across the court.  Now again they are
smashing the china--that is the convention.  An old, unsteady woman
carrying a bag trots home under the fire-red windows.  She is half
afraid that they will fall on her and tumble her into the gutter.
Yet she pauses as if to warm her knobbed, her rheumaticky hands at
the bonfire which flares away with streams of sparks and bits of
blown paper.  The old woman pauses against the lit window.  A
contrast.  That I see and Neville does not see; that I feel and
Neville does not feel.  Hence he will reach perfection and I shall
fail and shall leave nothing behind me but imperfect phrases
littered with sand.

'I think of Louis now.  What malevolent yet searching light would
Louis throw upon this dwindling autumn evening, upon this china-
smashing and trolling of hunting-songs, upon Neville, Byron and our
life here?  His thin lips are somewhat pursed; his cheeks are pale;
he pores in an office over some obscure commercial document.  "My
father, a banker at Brisbane"--being ashamed of him he always talks
of him--failed.  So he sits in an office, Louis the best scholar in
the school.  But I seeking contrasts often feel his eye on us, his
laughing eye, his wild eye, adding us up like insignificant items
in some grand total which he is for ever pursuing in his office.
And one day, taking a fine pen and dipping it in red ink, the
addition will be complete; our total will be known; but it will not
be enough.

'Bang!  They have thrown a chair now against the wall.  We are
damned then.  My case is dubious too.  Am I not indulging in
unwarranted emotions?  Yes, as I lean out of the window and drop my
cigarette so that it twirls lightly to the ground, I feel Louis
watching even my cigarette.  And Louis says, "That means something.
But what?"'

'People go on passing,' said Louis.  They pass the window of this
eating-shop incessantly.  Motor-cars, vans, motor-omnibuses; and
again motor-omnibuses, vans, motor-cars--they pass the window.  In
the background I perceive shops and houses; also the grey spires of
a city church.  In the foreground are glass shelves set with plates
of buns and ham sandwiches.  All is somewhat obscured by steam from
a tea-urn.  A meaty, vapourish smell of beef and mutton, sausages
and mash, hangs down like a damp net in the middle of the eating-
house.  I prop my book against a bottle of Worcester sauce and try
to look like the rest.

'Yet I cannot.  (They go on passing, they go on passing in
disorderly procession.)  I cannot read my book, or order my beef,
with conviction.  I repeat, "I am an average Englishman; I am an
average clerk", yet I look at the little men at the next table to
be sure that I do what they do.  Supple-faced, with rippling skins,
that are always twitching with the multiplicity of their
sensations, prehensile like monkeys, greased to this particular
moment, they are discussing with all the right gestures the sale of
a piano.  It blocks up the hall; so he would take a Tenner.  People
go on passing; they go on passing against the spires of the
church and the plates of ham sandwiches.  The streamers of my
consciousness waver out and are perpetually torn and distressed by
their disorder.  I cannot therefore concentrate on my dinner.  "I
would take a tenner.  The case is handsome; but it blocks up the
hall."  They dive and plunge like guillemots whose feathers are
slippery with oil.  All excesses beyond that norm are vanity.  That
is the mean; that is the average.  Meanwhile the hats bob up and
down; the door perpetually shuts and opens.  I am conscious of
flux, of disorder; of annihilation and despair.  If this is all,
this is worthless.  Yet I feel, too, the rhythm of the eating-
house.  It is like a waltz tune, eddying in and out, round and
round.  The waitresses, balancing trays, swing in and out, round
and round, dealing plates of greens, of apricot and custard,
dealing them at the right time, to the right customers.  The
average men, including her rhythm in their rhythm ("I would take a
tenner; for it blocks up the hall") take their greens, take their
apricots and custard.  Where then is the break in this continuity?
What the fissure through which one sees disaster?  The circle is
unbroken; the harmony complete.  Here is the central rhythm; here
the common mainspring.  I watch it expand, contract; and then
expand again.  Yet I am not included.  If I speak, imitating their
accent, they prick their ears, waiting for me to speak again, in
order that they may place me--if I come from Canada or Australia,
I, who desire above all things to be taken to the arms with love,
am alien, external.  I, who would wish to feel close over me the
protective waves of the ordinary, catch with the tail of my eye
some far horizon; am aware of hats bobbing up and down in perpetual
disorder.  To me is addressed the plaint of the wandering and
distracted spirit (a woman with bad teeth falters at the counter),
"Bring us back to the fold, we who pass so disjectedly, bobbing up
and down, past windows with plates of ham sandwiches in the
foreground."  Yes; I will reduce you to order.

'I will read in the book that is propped against the bottle of
Worcester sauce.  It contains some forged rings, some perfect
statements, a few words, but poetry.  You, all of you, ignore it.
What the dead poet said, you have forgotten.  And I cannot
translate it to you so that its binding power ropes you in, and
makes it clear to you that you are aimless; and the rhythm is cheap
and worthless; and so remove that degradation which, if you are
unaware of your aimlessness, pervades you, making you senile, even
while you are young.  To translate that poem so that it is easily
read is to be my endeavour.  I, the companion of Plato, of Virgil,
will knock at the grained oak door.  I oppose to what is passing
this ramrod of beaten steel.  I will not submit to this aimless
passing of billycock hats and Homburg hats and all the plumed and
variegated head-dresses of women.  (Susan, whom I respect, would
wear a plain straw hat on a summer's day.)  And the grinding and
the steam that runs in unequal drops down the window pane; and the
stopping and the starting with a jerk of motor-omnibuses; and the
hesitations at counters; and the words that trail drearily without
human meaning; I will reduce you to order.

'My roots go down through veins of lead and silver, through damp,
marshy places that exhale odours, to a knot made of oak roots bound
together in the centre.  Sealed and blind, with earth stopping my
ears, I have yet heard rumours of wars; and the nightingale; have
felt the hurrying of many troops of men flocking hither and thither
in quest of civilization like flocks of birds migrating seeking the
summer; I have seen women carrying red pitchers to the banks of the
Nile.  I woke in a garden, with a blow on the nape of my neck, a
hot kiss, Jinny's; remembering all this as one remembers confused
cries and toppling pillars and shafts of red and black in some
nocturnal conflagration.  I am for ever sleeping and waking.  Now I
sleep; now I wake.  I see the gleaming tea-urn; the glass cases
full of pale-yellow sandwiches; the men in round coats perched on
stools at the counter; and also behind them, eternity.  It is a
stigma burnt on my quivering flesh by a cowled man with a red-hot
iron.  I see this eating-shop against the packed and fluttering
birds' wings, many feathered, folded, of the past.  Hence my pursed
lips, my sickly pallor; my distasteful and uninviting aspect as I
turn my face with hatred and bitterness upon Bernard and Neville,
who saunter under yew trees; who inherit armchairs; and draw their
curtains close, so that lamplight falls on their books.

'Susan, I respect; because she sits stitching.  She sews under a
quiet lamp in a house where the corn sighs close to the window and
gives me safety.  For I am the weakest, the youngest of them all.
I am a child looking at his feet and the little runnels that the
stream has made in the gravel.  That is a snail, I say; that is a
leaf.  I delight in the snails; I delight in the leaf, I am always
the youngest, the most innocent, the most trustful.  You are all
protected.  I am naked.  When the waitress with the plaited wreaths
of hair swings past, she deals you your apricots and custard
unhesitatingly, like a sister.  You are her brothers.  But when I
get up, brushing the crumbs from my waistcoat, I slip too large a
tip, a shilling, under the edge of my plate, so that she may not
find it till I am gone, and her scorn, as she picks it up with
laughter, may not strike on me till I am past the swing-doors.'



'Now the wind lifts the blind,' said Susan, 'jars, bowls, matting
and the shabby arm-chair with the hole in it are now become
distinct.  The usual faded ribbons sprinkle the wallpaper.  The
bird chorus is over, only one bird now sings close to the bedroom
window.  I will pull on my stockings and go quietly past the
bedroom doors, and down through the kitchen, out through the garden
past the greenhouse into the field.  It is still early morning.
The mist is on the marshes.  The day is stark and stiff as a linen
shroud.  But it will soften; it will warm.  At this hour, this
still early hour, I think I am the field, I am the barn, I am the
trees; mine are the flocks of birds, and this young hare who leaps,
at the last moment when I step almost on him.  Mine is the heron
that stretches its vast wings lazily; and the cow that creaks as it
pushes one foot before another munching; and the wild, swooping
swallow; and the faint red in the sky, and the green when the red
fades; the silence and the bell; the call of the man fetching cart-
horses from the fields--all are mine.

'I cannot be divided, or kept apart.  I was sent to school; I was
sent to Switzerland to finish my education.  I hate linoleum; I
hate fir trees and mountains.  Let me now fling myself on this flat
ground under a pale sky where the clouds pace slowly.  The cart
grows gradually larger as it comes along the road.  The sheep
gather in the middle of the field.  The birds gather in the middle
of the road--they need not fly yet.  The wood smoke rises.  The
starkness of the dawn is going out of it.  Now the day stirs.
Colour returns.  The day waves yellow with all its crops.  The
earth hangs heavy beneath me.

'But who am I, who lean on this gate and watch my setter nose in a
circle?  I think sometimes (I am not twenty yet) I am not a woman,
but the light that falls on this gate, on this ground.  I am the
seasons, I think sometimes, January, May, November; the mud, the
mist, the dawn.  I cannot be tossed about, or float gently, or mix
with other people.  Yet now, leaning here till the gate prints my
arm, I feel the weight that has formed itself in my side.
Something has formed, at school, in Switzerland, some hard thing.
Not sighs and laughter, not circling and ingenious phrases; not
Rhoda's strange communications when she looks past us, over our
shoulders; nor Jinny's pirouetting, all of a piece, limbs and body.
What I give is fell.  I cannot float gently, mixing with other
people.  I like best the stare of shepherds met in the road; the
stare of gipsy women beside a cart in a ditch suckling their
children as I shall suckle my children.  For soon in the hot midday
when the bees hum round the hollyhocks my lover will come.  He will
stand under the cedar tree.  To his one word I shall answer my one
word.  What has formed in me I shall give him.  I shall have
children; I shall have maids in aprons; men with pitchforks; a
kitchen where they bring the ailing lambs to warm in baskets, where
the hams hang and the onions glisten.  I shall be like my mother,
silent in a blue apron locking up the cupboards.

'Now I am hungry.  I will call my setter.  I think of crusts and
bread and butter and white plates in a sunny room.  I will go back
across the fields.  I will walk along this grass path with strong,
even strides, now swerving to avoid the puddle, now leaping lightly
to a clump.  Beads of wet form on my rough skirt; my shoes become
supple and dark.  The stiffness has gone from the day; it is shaded
with grey, green and umber.  The birds no longer settle on the high
road.

'I return, like a cat or fox returning, whose fur is grey with
rime, whose pads are hardened by the coarse earth.  I push through
the cabbages, making their leaves squeak and their drops spill.  I
sit waiting for my father's footsteps as he shuffles down the
passage pinching some herb between his fingers.  I pour out cup
after cup while the unopened flowers hold themselves erect on the
table among the pots of jam, the loaves and the butter.  We are
silent.

'I go then to the cupboard, and take the damp bags of rich
sultanas; I lift the heavy flour on to the clean scrubbed kitchen
table.  I knead; I stretch; I pull, plunging my hands in the warm
inwards of the dough.  I let the cold water stream fanwise through
my fingers.  The fire roars; the flies buzz in a circle.  All my
currants and rices, the silver bags and the blue bags, are locked
again in the cupboard.  The meat is stood in the oven; the bread
rises in a soft dome under the clean towel.  I walk in the
afternoon down to the river.  All the world is breeding.  The flies
are going from grass to grass.  The flowers are thick with pollen.
The swans ride the stream in order.  The clouds, warm now, sun-
spotted, sweep over the hills, leaving gold in the water, and gold
on the necks of the swans.  Pushing one foot before the other, the
cows munch their way across the field.  I feel through the grass
for the white-domed mushroom; and break its stalk and pick the
purple orchid that grows beside it and lay the orchid by the
mushroom with the earth at its root, and so home to make the kettle
boil for my father among the just reddened roses on the tea-table.

'But evening comes and the lamps are lit.  And when evening comes
and the lamps are lit they make a yellow fire in the ivy.  I sit
with my sewing by the table.  I think of Jinny; of Rhoda; and hear
the rattle of wheels on the pavement as the farm horses plod home;
I hear traffic roaring in the evening wind.  I look at the
quivering leaves in the dark garden and think "They dance in
London.  Jinny kisses Louis".'

'How strange,' said Jinny, 'that people should sleep, that people
should put out the lights and go upstairs.  They have taken off
their dresses, they have put on white nightgowns.  There are no
lights in any of these houses.  There is a line of chimney-pots
against the sky; and a street lamp or two burning, as lamps burn
when nobody needs them.  The only people in the streets are poor
people hurrying.  There is no one coming or going in this street;
the day is over.  A few policemen stand at the corners.  Yet night
is beginning.  I feel myself shining in the dark.  Silk is on my
knee.  My silk legs rub smoothly together.  The stones of a
necklace lie cold on my throat.  My feet feel the pinch of shoes.
I sit bolt upright so that my hair may not touch the back of the
seat.  I am arrayed, I am prepared.  This is the momentary pause;
the dark moment.  The fiddlers have lifted their bows.

'Now the car slides to a stop.  A strip of pavement is lighted.
The door is opening and shutting.  People are arriving; they do not
speak; they hasten in.  There is the swishing sound of cloaks
falling in the hall.  This is the prelude, this is the beginning.
I glance, I peep, I powder.  All is exact, prepared.  My hair is
swept in one curve.  My lips are precisely red.  I am ready now to
join men and women on the stairs, my peers.  I pass them, exposed
to their gaze, as they are to mine.  Like lightning we look but do
not soften or show signs of recognition.  Our bodies communicate.
This is my calling.  This is my world.  All is decided and ready;
the servants, standing here, and again here, take my name, my
fresh, my unknown name, and toss it before me.  I enter.

'Here are gilt chairs in the empty, the expectant rooms, and
flowers, stiller, statelier, than flowers that grow, spread green,
spread white, against the walls.  And on one small table is one
bound book.  This is what I have dreamt; this is what I have
foretold.  I am native here.  I tread naturally on thick carpets.
I slide easily on smooth-polished floors, I now begin to unfurl, in
this scent, in this radiance, as a fern when its curled leaves
unfurl.  I stop.  I take stock of this world.  I look among the
groups of unknown people.  Among the lustrous green, pink, pearl-
grey women stand upright the bodies of men.  They are black and
white; they are grooved beneath their clothes with deep rills.  I
feel again the reflection in the window of the tunnel; it moves.
The black-and-white figures of unknown men look at me as I lean
forward; as I turn aside to look at a picture, they turn too.
Their hands go fluttering to their ties.  They touch their
waistcoats, their pocket-handkerchiefs.  They are very young.  They
are anxious to make a good impression.  I feel a thousand
capacities spring up in me.  I am arch, gay, languid, melancholy by
turns.  I am rooted, but I flow.  All gold, flowing that way, I say
to this one, "Come."  Rippling black, I say to that one, "No."  One
breaks off from his station under the glass cabinet.  He
approaches.  He makes towards me.  This is the most exciting moment
I have ever known.  I flutter.  I ripple.  I stream like a plant in
the river, flowing this way, flowing that way, but rooted, so that
he may come to me.  "Come," I say, "come."  Pale, with dark hair,
the one who is coming is melancholy, romantic.  And I am arch and
fluent and capricious; for he is melancholy, he is romantic.  He is
here; he stands at my side.

'Now with a little jerk, like a limpet broken from a rock, I am
broken off: I fall with him; I am carried off.  We yield to this
slow flood.  We go in and out of this hesitating music.  Rocks
break the current of the dance; it jars, it shivers.  In and out,
we are swept now into this large figure; it holds us together; we
cannot step outside its sinuous, its hesitating, its abrupt, its
perfectly encircling walls.  Our bodies, his hard, mine flowing,
are pressed together within its body; it holds us together; and
then lengthening out, in smooth, in sinuous folds, rolls us between
it, on and on.  Suddenly the music breaks.  My blood runs on but my
body stands still.  The room reels past my eyes.  It stops.

'Come, then, let us wander whirling to the gilt chairs.  The body
is stronger than I thought.  I am dizzier than I supposed.  I do
not care for anything in the world.  I do not care for anybody save
this man whose name I do not know.  Are we not acceptable, moon?
Are we not lovely sitting together here, I in my satin; he in black
and white?  My peers may look at me now.  I look straight back at
you, men and women.  I am one of you.  This is my world.  Now I
take this thin-stemmed glass and sip.  Wine has a drastic, an
astringent taste.  I cannot help wincing as I drink.  Scent and
flowers, radiance and heat, are distilled here to a fiery, to a
yellow liquid.  Just behind my shoulder-blades some dry thing,
wide-eyed, gently closes, gradually lulls itself to sleep.  This is
rapture; this is relief.  The bar at the back of my throat lowers
itself.  Words crowd and cluster and push forth one on top of
another.  It does not matter which.  They jostle and mount on each
other's shoulders.  The single and the solitary mate, tumble and
become many.  It does not matter what I say.  Crowding, like a
fluttering bird, one sentence crosses the empty space between us.
It settles on his lips.  I fill my glass again.  I drink.  The veil
drops between us.  I am admitted to the warmth and privacy of
another soul.  We are together, high up, on some Alpine pass.  He
stands melancholy on the crest of the road.  I stoop.  I pick a
blue flower and fix it, standing on tiptoe to reach him, in his
coat.  There!  That is my moment of ecstasy.  Now it is over.

'Now slackness and indifference invade us.  Other people brush
past.  We have lost consciousness of our bodies uniting under the
table.  I also like fair-haired men with blue eyes.  The door
opens.  The door goes on opening.  Now I think, next time it opens
the whole of my life will be changed.  Who comes?  But it is only a
servant, bringing glasses.  That is an old man--I should be a child
with him.  That is a great lady--with her I should dissemble.
There are girls of my own age, for whom I feel the drawn swords of
an honourable antagonism.  For these are my peers.  I am a native
of this world.  Here is my risk, here is my adventure.  The door
opens.  O come, I say to this one, rippling gold from head to
heels.  "Come," and he comes towards me.'

'I shall edge behind them,' said Rhoda, 'as if I saw someone I
know.  But I know no one.  I shall twitch the curtain and look at
the moon.  Draughts of oblivion shall quench my agitation.  The
door opens; the tiger leaps.  The door opens; terror rushes in;
terror upon terror, pursuing me.  Let me visit furtively the
treasures I have laid apart.  Pools lie on the other side of the
world reflecting marble columns.  The swallow dips her wing in dark
pools.  But here the door opens and people come; they come towards
me.  Throwing faint smiles to mask their cruelty, their
indifference, they seize me.  The swallow dips her wings; the moon
rides through the blue seas alone.  I must take his hand; I must
answer.  But what answer shall I give?  I am thrust back to stand
burning in this clumsy, this ill-fitting body, to receive the
shafts of his indifference and his scorn, I who long for marble
columns and pools on the other side of the world where the swallow
dips her wings.

'Night has wheeled a little further over the chimney-pots.  I see
out of the window over his shoulder some unembarrassed cat, not
drowned in light, not trapped in silk, free to pause, to stretch,
and to move again.  I hate all details of the individual life.  But
I am fixed here to listen.  An immense pressure is on me.  I cannot
move without dislodging the weight of centuries.  A million arrows
pierce me.  Scorn and ridicule pierce me.  I, who could beat my
breast against the storm and let the hail choke me joyfully, am
pinned down here; am exposed.  The tiger leaps.  Tongues with their
whips are upon me.  Mobile, incessant, they flicker over me.  I
must prevaricate and fence them off with lies.  What amulet is
there against this disaster?  What face can I summon to lay cool
upon this heat?  I think of names on boxes; of mothers from whose
wide knees skirts descend; of glades where the many-backed steep
hills come down.  Hide me, I cry, protect me, for I am the
youngest, the most naked of you all.  Jinny rides like a gull on
the wave, dealing her looks adroitly here and there, saying this,
saying that, with truth.  But I lie; I prevaricate.

'Alone, I rock my basins; I am mistress of my fleet of ships.  But
here, twisting the tassels of this brocaded curtain in my hostess's
window, I am broken into separate pieces; I am no longer one.  What
then is the knowledge that Jinny has as she dances; the assurance
that Susan has as, stooping quietly beneath the lamplight, she
draws the white cotton through the eye of her needle?  They say,
Yes; they say, No; they bring their fists down with a bang on the
table.  But I doubt; I tremble; I see the wild thorn tree shake its
shadow in the desert.

'Now I will walk, as if I had an end in view, across the room, to
the balcony under the awning.  I see the sky, softly feathered with
its sudden effulgence of moon.  I also see the railings of the
square, and two people without faces, leaning like statues against
the sky.  There is, then, a world immune from change.  When I have
passed through this drawing-room flickering with tongues that cut
me like knives, making me stammer, making me lie, I find faces rid
of features, robed in beauty.  The lovers crouch under the plane
tree.  The policeman stands sentinel at the corner.  A man passes.
There is, then, a world immune from change.  But I am not composed
enough, standing on tiptoe on the verge of fire, still scorched by
the hot breath, afraid of the door opening and the leap of the
tiger, to make even one sentence.  What I say is perpetually
contradicted.  Each time the door opens I am interrupted.  I am not
yet twenty-one.  I am to be broken.  I am to be derided all my
life.  I am to be cast up and down among these men and women, with
their twitching faces, with their lying tongues, like a cork on a
rough sea.  Like a ribbon of weed I am flung far every time the
door opens.  I am the foam that sweeps and fills the uttermost rims
of the rocks with whiteness; I am also a girl, here in this room.'




The sun, risen, no longer couched on a green mattress darting a
fitful glance through watery jewels, bared its face and looked
straight over the waves.  They fell with a regular thud.  They fell
with the concussion of horses' hooves on the turf.  Their spray
rose like the tossing of lances and assegais over the riders'
heads.  They swept the beach with steel blue and diamond-tipped
water.  They drew in and out with the energy, the muscularity, of
an engine which sweeps its force out and in again.  The sun fell on
cornfields and woods, rivers became blue and many-plaited, lawns
that sloped down to the water's edge became green as birds'
feathers softly ruffling their plumes.  The hills, curved and
controlled, seemed bound back by thongs, as a limb is laced by
muscles; and the woods which bristled proudly on their flanks were
like the curt, clipped mane on the neck of a horse.

In the garden where the trees stood, thick over flowerbeds, ponds,
and greenhouses the birds sang in the hot sunshine, each alone.
One sang under the bedroom window; another on the topmost twig of
the lilac bush; another on the edge of the wall.  Each sang
stridently, with passion, with vehemence, as if to let the song
burst out of it, no matter if it shattered the song of another bird
with harsh discord.  Their round eyes bulged with brightness; their
claws gripped the twig or rail.  They sang, exposed without
shelter, to the air and the sun, beautiful in their new plumage,
shell-veined or brightly mailed, here barred with soft blues, here
splashed with gold, or striped with one bright feather.  They sang
as if the song were urged out of them by the pressure of the
morning.  They sang as if the edge of being were sharpened and must
cut, must split the softness of the blue-green light, the dampness
of the wet earth; the fumes and steams of the greasy kitchen
vapour; the hot breath of mutton and beef; the richness of pastry
and fruit; the damp shreds and peelings thrown from the kitchen
bucket, from which a slow steam oozed on the rubbish heap.  On all
the sodden, the damp-spotted, the curled with wetness, they
descended, dry-beaked, ruthless, abrupt.  They swooped suddenly
from the lilac bough or the fence.  They spied a snail and tapped
the shell against a stone.  They tapped furiously, methodically,
until the shell broke and something slimy oozed from the crack.
They swept and soared sharply in flights high into the air,
twittering short, sharp notes, and perched in the upper branches of
some tree, and looked down upon leaves and spires beneath, and the
country white with blossom, flowing with grass, and the sea which
beat like a drum that raises a regiment of plumed and turbaned
soldiers.  Now and again their songs ran together in swift scales
like the interlacings of a mountain stream whose waters, meeting,
foam and then mix, and hasten quicker and quicker down the same
channel, brushing the same broad leaves.  But there is a rock; they
sever.

The sun fell in sharp wedges inside the room.  Whatever the light
touched became dowered with a fanatical existence.  A plate was
like a white lake.  A knife looked like a dagger of ice.  Suddenly
tumblers revealed themselves upheld by streaks of light.  Tables
and chairs rose to the surface as if they had been sunk under water
and rose, filmed with red, orange, purple like the bloom on the
skin of ripe fruit.  The veins on the glaze of the china, the grain
of the wood, the fibres of the matting became more and more finely
engraved.  Everything was without shadow.  A jar was so green that
the eye seemed sucked up through a funnel by its intensity and
stuck to it like a limpet.  Then shapes took on mass and edge.
Here was the boss of a chair; here the bulk of a cupboard.  And as
the light increased, flocks of shadow were driven before it and
conglomerated and hung in many-pleated folds in the background.




'How fair, how strange,' said Bernard, 'glittering, many-pointed
and many-domed London lies before me under mist.  Guarded by
gasometers, by factory chimneys, she lies sleeping as we approach.
She folds the ant-heap to her breast.  All cries, all clamour, are
softly enveloped in silence.  Not Rome herself looks more majestic.
But we are aimed at her.  Already her maternal somnolence is
uneasy.  Ridges, fledged with houses rise from the mist.
Factories, cathedrals, glass domes, institutions and theatres erect
themselves.  The early train from the north is hurled at her like a
missile.  We draw a curtain as we pass.  Blank expectant faces
stare at us as we rattle and flash through stations.  Men clutch
their newspapers a little tighter, as our wind sweeps them,
envisaging death.  But we roar on.  We are about to explode in the
flanks of the city like a shell in the side of some ponderous,
maternal, majestic animal.  She hums and murmurs; she awaits us.

'Meanwhile as I stand looking from the train window, I feel
strangely, persuasively, that because of my great happiness (being
engaged to be married) I am become part of this speed, this missile
hurled at the city.  I am numbed to tolerance and acquiescence.  My
dear sir, I could say, why do you fidget, taking down your suitcase
and pressing into it the cap that you have worn all night?  Nothing
we can do will avail.  Over us all broods a splendid unanimity.  We
are enlarged and solemnized and brushed into uniformity as with the
grey wing of some enormous goose (it is a fine but colourless
morning) because we have only one desire--to arrive at the station.
I do not want the train to stop with a thud.  I do not want the
connection which has bound us together sitting opposite each other
all night long to be broken.  I do not want to feel that hate and
rivalry have resumed their sway; and different desires.  Our
community in the rushing train, sitting together with only one
wish, to arrive at Euston, was very welcome.  But behold!  It is
over.  We have attained our desire.  We have drawn up at the
platform.  Hurry and confusion and the wish to be first through the
gate into the lift assert themselves.  But I do not wish to be
first through the gate, to assume the burden of individual life.
I, who have been since Monday, when she accepted me, charged in
every nerve with a sense of identity, who could not see a tooth-
brush in a glass without saying, "My toothbrush", now wish to
unclasp my hands and let fall my possessions, and merely stand here
in the street, taking no part, watching the omnibuses, without
desire; without envy; with what would be boundless curiosity about
human destiny if there were any longer an edge to my mind.  But it
has none.  I have arrived; am accepted.  I ask nothing.

'Having dropped off satisfied like a child from the breast, I am at
liberty now to sink down, deep, into what passes, this omnipresent,
general life.  (How much, let me note, depends upon trousers; the
intelligent head is entirely handicapped by shabby trousers.)  One
observes curious hesitations at the door of the lift.  This way,
that way, the other?  Then individuality asserts itself.  They are
off.  They are all impelled by some necessity.  Some miserable
affair of keeping an appointment, of buying a hat, severs these
beautiful human beings once so united.  For myself, I have no aim.
I have no ambition.  I will let myself be carried on by the general
impulse.  The surface of my mind slips along like a pale-grey
stream, reflecting what passes.  I cannot remember my past, my
nose, or the colour of my eyes, or what my general opinion of
myself is.  Only in moments of emergency, at a crossing, at a kerb,
the wish to preserve my body springs out and seizes me and stops
me, here, before this omnibus.  We insist, it seems, on living.
Then again, indifference descends.  The roar of the traffic, the
passage of undifferentiated faces, this way and that way, drugs me
into dreams; rubs the features from faces.  People might walk
through me.  And, what is this moment of time, this particular day
in which I have found myself caught?  The growl of traffic might be
any uproar--forest trees or the roar of wild beasts.  Time has
whizzed back an inch or two on its reel; our short progress has
been cancelled.  I think also that our bodies are in truth naked.
We are only lightly covered with buttoned cloth; and beneath these
pavements are shells, bones and silence.

'It is, however, true that my dreaming, my tentative advance like
one carried beneath the surface of a stream, is interrupted, torn,
pricked and plucked at by sensations, spontaneous and irrelevant,
of curiosity, greed, desire, irresponsible as in sleep.  (I covet
that bag--etc.)  No, but I wish to go under; to visit the profound
depths; once in a while to exercise my prerogative not always to
act, but to explore; to hear vague, ancestral sounds of boughs
creaking, of mammoths; to indulge impossible desires to embrace the
whole world with the arms of understanding--impossible to those who
act.  Am I not, as I walk, trembling with strange oscillations and
vibrations of sympathy, which, unmoored as I am from a private
being, bid me embrace these engrossed flocks; these starers and
trippers; these errand-boys and furtive and fugitive girls who,
ignoring their doom, look in at shop-windows?  But I am aware of
our ephemeral passage.

'It is, however, true that I cannot deny a sense that life for me
is now mysteriously prolonged.  Is it that I may have children, may
cast a fling of seed wider, beyond this generation, this doom-
encircled population, shuffling each other in endless competition
along the street?  My daughters shall come here, in other summers;
my sons shall turn new fields.  Hence we are not raindrops, soon
dried by the wind; we make gardens blow and forests roar; we come
up differently, for ever and ever.  This, then, serves to explain
my confidence, my central stability, otherwise so monstrously
absurd as I breast the stream of this crowded thoroughfare, making
always a passage for myself between people's bodies, taking
advantage of safe moments to cross.  It is not vanity; for I am
emptied of ambition; I do not remember my special gifts, or
idiosyncrasy, or the marks I bear on my person; eyes, nose or
mouth.  I am not, at this moment, myself.

'Yet behold, it returns.  One cannot extinguish that persistent
smell.  It steals in through some crack in the structure--one's
identity.  I am not part of the street--no, I observe the street.
One splits off, therefore.  For instance, up that back street a
girl stands waiting; for whom?  A romantic story.  On the wall of
that shop is fixed a small crane, and for what reason, I ask, was
that crane fixed there? and invent a purple lady swelling,
circumambient, hauled from a barouche landau by a perspiring
husband sometime in the sixties.  A grotesque story.  That is, I am
a natural coiner of words, a blower of bubbles through one thing
and another.  And, striking off these observations spontaneously, I
elaborate myself; differentiate myself and, listening to the voice
that says as I stroll past, "Look!  Take note of that!"  I conceive
myself called upon to provide, some winter's night, a meaning for
all my observations--a line that runs from one to another, a
summing up that completes.  But soliloquies in back streets soon
pall.  I need an audience.  That is my downfall.  That always
ruffles the edge of the final statement and prevents it from
forming.  I cannot seat myself in some sordid eating-house and
order the same glass day after day and imbue myself entirely in one
fluid--this life.  I make my phrase and run off with it to some
furnished room where it will be lit by dozens of candles.  I need
eyes on me to draw out these frills and furbelows.  To be myself (I
note) I need the illumination of other people's eyes, and therefore
cannot be entirely sure what is my self.  The authentics, like
Louis, like Rhoda, exist most completely in solitude.  They resent
illumination, reduplication.  They toss their pictures once painted
face downward on the field.  On Louis' words the ice is packed
thick.  His words issue pressed, condensed, enduring.

'I wish, then, after this somnolence to sparkle, many-faceted under
the light of my friends' faces.  I have been traversing the sunless
territory of non-identity.  A strange land.  I have heard in my
moment of appeasement, in my moment of obliterating satisfaction,
the sigh, as it goes in, comes out, of the tide that draws beyond
this circle of bright light, this drumming of insensate fury.  I
have had one moment of enormous peace.  This perhaps is happiness.
Now I am drawn back by pricking sensations; by curiosity, greed (I
am hungry) and the irresistible desire to be myself.  I think of
people to whom I could say things: Louis, Neville, Susan, Jinny and
Rhoda.  With them I am many-sided.  They retrieve me from darkness.
We shall meet tonight, thank Heaven.  Thank Heaven, I need not be
alone.  We shall dine together.  We shall say good-bye to Percival,
who goes to India.  The hour is still distant, but I feel already
those harbingers, those outriders, figures of one's friends in
absence.  I see Louis, stone-carved, sculpturesque; Neville,
scissor-cutting, exact; Susan with eyes like lumps of crystal;
Jinny dancing like a flame, febrile, hot, over dry earth; and Rhoda
the nymph of the fountain always wet.  These are fantastic
pictures--these are figments, these visions of friends in absence,
grotesque, dropsical, vanishing at the first touch of the toe of a
real boot.  Yet they drum me alive.  They brush off these vapours.
I begin to be impatient of solitude--to feel its draperies hang
sweltering, unwholesome about me.  Oh, to toss them off and be
active!  Anybody will do.  I am not fastidious.  The crossing-
sweeper will do; the postman; the waiter in this French restaurant;
better still the genial proprietor, whose geniality seems reserved
for oneself.  He mixes the salad with his own hands for some
privileged guest.  Which is the privileged guest, I ask, and why?
And what is he saying to the lady in ear-rings; is she a friend or
a customer?  I feel at once, as I sit down at a table, the
delicious jostle of confusion, of uncertainty, of possibility, of
speculation.  Images breed instantly.  I am embarrassed by my own
fertility.  I could describe every chair, table, luncher here
copiously, freely.  My mind hums hither and thither with its veil
of words for everything.  To speak, about wine even to the waiter,
is to bring about an explosion.  Up goes the rocket.  Its golden
grain falls, fertilizing, upon the rich soil of my imagination.
The entirely unexpected nature of this explosion--that is the joy
of intercourse.  I, mixed with an unknown Italian waiter--what am
I?  There is no stability in this world.  Who is to say what
meaning there is in anything?  Who is to foretell the flight of a
word?  It is a balloon that sails over tree-tops.  To speak of
knowledge is futile.  All is experiment and adventure.  We are for
ever mixing ourselves with unknown quantities.  What is to come?  I
know not.  But as I put down my glass I remember: I am engaged to
be married.  I am to dine with my friends tonight.  I am Bernard,
myself.'

'It is now five minutes to eight,' said Neville.  'I have come
early.  I have taken my place at the table ten minutes before the
time in order to taste every moment of anticipation; to see the
door open and to say, "Is it Percival?  No; it is not Percival."
There is a morbid pleasure in saying:  "No, it is not Percival."  I
have seen the door open and shut twenty times already; each time
the suspense sharpens.  This is the place to which he is coming.
This is the table at which he will sit.  Here, incredible as it
seems, will be his actual body.  This table, these chairs, this
metal vase with its three red flowers are about to undergo an
extraordinary transformation.  Already the room, with its swing-
doors, its tables heaped with fruit, with cold joints, wears the
wavering, unreal appearance of a place where one waits expecting
something to happen.  Things quiver as if not yet in being.  The
blankness of the white table-cloth glares.  The hostility, the
indifference of other people dining here is oppressive.  We look at
each other; see that we do not know each other, stare, and go off.
Such looks are lashes.  I feel the whole cruelty and indifference
of the world in them.  If he should not come I could not bear it.
I should go.  Yet somebody must be seeing him now.  He must be in
some cab; he must be passing some shop.  And every moment he seems
to pump into this room this prickly light, this intensity of being,
so that things have lost their normal uses--this knife-blade is
only a flash of light, not a thing to cut with.  The normal is
abolished.

'The door opens, but he does not come.  That is Louis hesitating
there.  That is his strange mixture of assurance and timidity.  He
looks at himself in the looking-glass as he comes in; he touches
his hair; he is dissatisfied with his appearance.  He says, "I am a
Duke--the last of an ancient race."  He is acrid, suspicious,
domineering, difficult (I am comparing him with Percival).  At the
same time he is formidable, for there is laughter in his eyes.  He
has seen me.  Here he is.'

'There is Susan,' said Louis.  'She does not see us.  She has not
dressed, because she despises the futility of London.  She stands
for a moment at the swing-door, looking about her like a creature
dazed by the light of a lamp.  Now she moves.  She has the stealthy
yet assured movements (even among tables and chairs) of a wild
beast.  She seems to find her way by instinct in and out among
these little tables, touching no one, disregarding waiters, yet
comes straight to our table in the corner.  When she sees us
(Neville, and myself) her face assumes a certainty which is
alarming, as if she had what she wanted.  To be loved by Susan
would be to be impaled by a bird's sharp beak, to be nailed to a
barnyard door.  Yet there are moments when I could wish to be
speared by a beak, to be nailed to a barnyard door, positively,
once and for all.

'Rhoda comes now, from nowhere, having slipped in while we were not
looking.  She must have made a tortuous course, taking cover now
behind a waiter, now behind some ornamental pillar, so as to put
off as long as possible the shock of recognition, so as to be
secure for one more moment to rock her petals in her basin.  We
wake her.  We torture her.  She dreads us, she despises us, yet
comes cringing to our sides because for all our cruelty there is
always some name, some face, which sheds a radiance, which lights
up her pavements and makes it possible for her to replenish her
dreams.'

'The door opens, the door goes on opening,' said Neville, 'yet he
does not come.'

'There is Jinny,' said Susan.  'She stands in the door.  Everything
seems stayed.  The waiter stops.  The diners at the table by the
door look.  She seems to centre everything; round her tables, lines
of doors, windows, ceilings, ray themselves, like rays round the
star in the middle of a smashed window-pane.  She brings things to
a point, to order.  Now she sees us, and moves, and all the rays
ripple and flow and waver over us, bringing in new tides of
sensation.  We change.  Louis puts his hand to his tie.  Neville,
who sits waiting with agonized intensity, nervously straightens the
forks in front of him.  Rhoda sees her with surprise, as if on some
far horizon a fire blazed.  And I, though I pile my mind with damp
grass, with wet fields, with the sound of rain on the roof and the
gusts of wind that batter at the house in winter and so protect my
soul against her, feel her derision steal round me, feel her
laughter curl its tongues of fire round me and light up unsparingly
my shabby dress, my square-tipped finger-nails, which I at once
hide under the table-cloth.'

'He has not come,' said Neville.  The door opens and he does not
come.  That is Bernard.  As he pulls off his coat he shows, of
course, the blue shirt under his arm-pits.  And then, unlike the
rest of us, he comes in without pushing open a door, without
knowing that he comes into a room full of strangers.  He does not
look in the glass.  His hair is untidy, but he does not know it.
He has no perception that we differ, or that this table is his
goal.  He hesitates on his way here.  Who is that? he asks himself,
as he half knows a woman in an opera cloak.  He half knows
everybody; he knows nobody (I compare him with Percival).  But now,
perceiving us, he waves a benevolent salute; he bears down with
such benignity, with such love of mankind (crossed with humour at
the futility of "loving mankind"), that, if it were not for
Percival, who turns all this to vapour, one would feel, as the
others already feel:  Now is our festival; now we are together.
But without Percival there is no solidity.  We are silhouettes,
hollow phantoms moving mistily without a background.'

'The swing-door goes on opening,' said Rhoda.  'Strangers keep on
coming, people we shall never see again, people who brush us
disagreeably with their familiarity, their indifference, and the
sense of a world continuing without us.  We cannot sink down, we
cannot forget our faces.  Even I who have no face, who make no
difference when I come in (Susan and Jinny change bodies and
faces), flutter unattached, without anchorage anywhere,
unconsolidated, incapable of composing any blankness or continuity
or wall against which these bodies move.  It is because of Neville
and his misery.  The sharp breath of his misery scatters my being.
Nothing can settle; nothing can subside.  Every time the door opens
he looks fixedly at the table--he dare not raise his eyes--then
looks for one second and says, "He has not come."  But here he is.'

'Now,' said Neville, 'my tree flowers.  My heart rises.  All
oppression is relieved.  All impediment is removed.  The reign of
chaos is over.  He has imposed order.  Knives cut again.'

'Here is Percival,' said Jinny.  'He has not dressed.'

'Here is Percival,' said Bernard, 'smoothing his hair, not from
vanity (he does not look in the glass), but to propitiate the god
of decency.  He is conventional; he is a hero.  The little boys
trooped after him across the playing-fields.  They blew their noses
as he blew his nose, but unsuccessfully, for he is Percival.  Now,
when he is about to leave us, to go to India, all these trifles
come together.  He is a hero.  Oh yes, that is not to be denied,
and when he takes his seat by Susan, whom he loves, the occasion is
crowned.  We who yelped like jackals biting at each other's heels
now assume the sober and confident air of soldiers in the presence
of their captain.  We who have been separated by our youth (the
oldest is not yet twenty-five), who have sung like eager birds each
his own song and tapped with the remorseless and savage egotism of
the young our own snail-shell till it cracked (I am engaged), or
perched solitary outside some bedroom window and sang of love, of
fame and other single experiences so dear to the callow bird with a
yellow tuft on its beak, now come nearer; and shuffling closer on
our perch in this restaurant where everybody's interests are at
variance, and the incessant passage of traffic chafes us with
distractions, and the door opening perpetually its glass cage
solicits us with myriad temptations and offers insults and wounds
to our confidence--sitting together here we love each other and
believe in our own endurance.'

'Now let us issue from the darkness of solitude,' said Louis.

'Now let us say, brutally and directly, what is in our minds,' said
Neville.  'Our isolation, our preparation, is over.  The furtive
days of secrecy and hiding, the revelations on staircases, moments
of terror and ecstasy.'

'Old Mrs Constable lifted her sponge and warmth poured over us,'
said Bernard.  'We became clothed in this changing, this feeling
garment of flesh.'

'The boot-boy made love to the scullery-maid in the kitchen
garden,' said Susan, 'among the blown-out washing.'

'The breath of the wind was like a tiger panting,' said Rhoda.

'The man lay livid with his throat cut in the gutter,' said
Neville.  'And going upstairs I could not raise my foot against the
immitigable apple tree with its silver leaves held stiff.'

The leaf danced in the hedge without anyone to blow it,' said
Jinny.

'In the sun-baked corner,' said Louis, 'the petals swam on depths
of green.'

'At Elvedon the gardeners swept and swept with their great brooms,
and the woman sat at a table writing,' said Bernard.

'From these close-furled balls of string we draw now every
filament,' said Louis, 'remembering, when we meet.'

'And then,' said Bernard, 'the cab came to the door, and, pressing
our new bowler hats tightly over our eyes to hide our unmanly
tears, we drove through streets in which even the housemaids looked
at us, and our names painted in white letters on our boxes
proclaimed to all the world that we were going to school with the
regulation number of socks and drawers, on which our mothers for
some nights previously had stitched our initials, in our boxes.  A
second severance from the body of our mother.'

'And Miss Lambert, Miss Cutting and Miss Bard,' said Jinny,
'monumental ladies, white-ruffed, stone-coloured, enigmatic, with
amethyst rings moving like virginal tapers, dim glow-worms over the
pages of French, geography and arithmetic, presided; and there were
maps, green-baize boards, and rows of shoes on a shelf.'

'Bells rang punctually,' said Susan, 'maids scuffled and giggled.
There was a drawing in of chairs and a drawing out of chairs on the
linoleum.  But from one attic there was a blue view, a distant view
of a field unstained by the corruption of this regimented, unreal
existence.'

'Down from our heads veils fell,' said Rhoda.  'We clasped the
flowers with their green leaves rustling in garlands.'

'We changed, we became unrecognizable,' said Louis.  'Exposed to
all these different lights, what we had in us (for we are all so
different) came intermittently, in violent patches, spaced by blank
voids, to the surface as if some acid had dropped unequally on the
plate.  I was this, Neville that, Rhoda different again, and
Bernard too.'

'Then canoes slipped through palely tinted yellow branches,' said
Neville, 'and Bernard, advancing in his casual way against breadths
of green, against houses of very ancient foundation, tumbled in a
heap on the ground beside me.  In an access of emotion--winds are
not more raving, nor lightning more sudden--I took my poem, I flung
my poem, I slammed the door behind me.'

'I, however,' said Louis, 'losing sight of you, sat in my office
and tore the date from the calendar, and announced to the world of
ship-brokers, corn-chandlers and actuaries that Friday the tenth,
or Tuesday the eighteenth, had dawned on the city of London.'

'Then,' said Jinny, 'Rhoda and I, exposed in bright dresses, with a
few precious stones nestling on a cold ring round our throats,
bowed, shook hands and took a sandwich from a plate with a smile.'

'The tiger leapt, and the swallow dipped her wings in dark pools on
the other side of the world,' said Rhoda.

'But here and now we are together,' said Bernard.  'We have come
together, at a particular time, to this particular spot.  We are
drawn into this communion by some deep, some common emotion.  Shall
we call it, conveniently, "love"?  Shall we say "love of Percival"
because Percival is going to India?

'No, that is too small, too particular a name.  We cannot attach
the width and spread of our feelings to so small a mark.  We have
come together (from the North, from the South, from Susan's farm,
from Louis' house of business) to make one thing, not enduring--for
what endures?--but seen by many eyes simultaneously.  There is a
red carnation in that vase.  A single flower as we sat here
waiting, but now a seven-sided flower, many-petalled, red, puce,
purple-shaded, stiff with silver-tinted leaves--a whole flower to
which every eye brings its own contribution.

'After the capricious fires, the abysmal dullness of youth,' said
Neville, 'the light falls upon real objects now.  Here are knives
and forks.  The world is displayed, and we too, so that we can
talk.'

'We differ, it may be too profoundly,' said Louis, 'for
explanation.  But let us attempt it.  I smoothed my hair when I
came in, hoping to look like the rest of you.  But I cannot, for I
am not single and entire as you are.  I have lived a thousand lives
already.  Every day I unbury--I dig up.  I find relics of myself in
the sand that women made thousands of years ago, when I heard songs
by the Nile and the chained beast stamping.  What you see beside
you, this man, this Louis, is only the cinders and refuse of
something once splendid.  I was an Arab prince; behold my free
gestures.  I was a great poet in the time of Elizabeth.  I was a
Duke at the court of Louis the Fourteenth.  I am very vain, very
confident; I have an immeasurable desire that women should sigh in
sympathy.  I have eaten no lunch today in order that Susan may
think me cadaverous and that Jinny may extend to me the exquisite
balm of her sympathy.  But while I admire Susan and Percival, I
hate the others, because it is for them that I do these antics,
smoothing my hair, concealing my accent.  I am the little ape who
chatters over a nut, and you are the dowdy women with shiny bags of
stale buns; I am also the caged tiger, and you are the keepers with
red-hot bars.  That is, I am fiercer and stronger than you are, yet
the apparition that appears above ground after ages of nonentity
will be spent in terror lest you should laugh at me, in veerings
with the wind against the soot storms, in efforts to make a steel
ring of clear poetry that shall connect the gulls and the women
with bad teeth, the church spire and the bobbing billycock hats as
I see them when I take my luncheon and prop my poet--is it
Lucretius?--against a cruet and the gravy-splashed bill of fare.'

'But you will never hate me,' said Jinny.  'You will never see me,
even across a room full of gilt chairs and ambassadors, without
coming to me across the room to seek my sympathy.  When I came in
just now everything stood still in a pattern.  Waiters stopped,
diners raised their forks and held them.  I had the air of being
prepared for what would happen.  When I sat down you put your hands
to your ties, you hid them under the table.  But I hide nothing.  I
am prepared.  Every time the door opens I cry "More!"  But my
imagination is the bodies.  I can imagine nothing beyond the circle
cast by my body.  My body goes before me, like a lantern down a
dark lane, bringing one thing after another out of darkness into a
ring of light.  I dazzle you; I make you believe that this is all.'

'But when you stand in the door,' said Neville, 'you inflict
stillness, demanding admiration, and that is a great impediment to
the freedom of intercourse.  You stand in the door making us notice
you.  But none of you saw me approach.  I came early; I came
quickly and directly, HERE, to sit by the person whom I love.  My
life has a rapidity that yours lack.  I am like a hound on the
scent.  I hunt from dawn to dusk.  Nothing, not the pursuit of
perfection through the sand, nor fame, nor money, has meaning for
me.  I shall have riches; I shall have fame.  But I shall never
have what I want, for I lack bodily grace and the courage that
comes with it.  The swiftness of my mind is too strong for my body.
I fail before I reach the end and fall in a heap, damp, perhaps
disgusting.  I excite pity in the crises of life, not love.
Therefore I suffer horribly.  But I do not suffer, as Louis does,
to make myself a spectacle.  I have too fine a sense of fact to
allow myself these juggleries, these pretences.  I see everything--
except one thing--with complete clarity.  That is my saving.  That
is what gives my suffering an unceasing excitement.  That is what
makes me dictate, even when I am silent.  And since I am, in one
respect, deluded, since the person is always changing, though not
the desire, and I do not know in the morning by whom I shall sit at
night, I am never stagnant; I rise from my worst disasters, I turn,
I change.  Pebbles bounce off the mail of my muscular, my extended
body.  In this pursuit I shall grow old.'

'If I could believe,' said Rhoda, 'that I should grow old in
pursuit and change, I should be rid of my fear: nothing persists.
One moment does not lead to another.  The door opens and the tiger
leaps.  You did not see me come.  I circled round the chairs to
avoid the horror of the spring.  I am afraid of you all.  I am
afraid of the shock of sensation that leaps upon me, because I
cannot deal with it as you do--I cannot make one moment merge in
the next.  To me they are all violent, all separate; and if I fall
under the shock of the leap of the moment you will be on me,
tearing me to pieces.  I have no end in view.  I do not know how to
run minute to minute and hour to hour, solving them by some natural
force until they make the whole and indivisible mass that you call
life.  Because you have an end in view--one person, is it, to sit
beside, an idea is it, your beauty is it?  I do not know--your days
and hours pass like the boughs of forest trees and the smooth green
of forest rides to a hound running on the scent.  But there is no
single scent, no single body for me to follow.  And I have no face.
I am like the foam that races over the beach or the moonlight that
falls arrowlike here on a tin can, here on a spike of the mailed
sea holly, or a bone or a half-eaten boat.  I am whirled down
caverns, and flap like paper against endless corridors, and must
press my hand against the wall to draw myself back.

'But since I wish above all things to have lodgment, I pretend, as
I go upstairs lagging behind Jinny and Susan, to have an end in
view.  I pull on my stockings as I see them pull on theirs.  I wait
for you to speak and then speak like you.  I am drawn here across
London to a particular spot, to a particular place, not to see you
or you or you, but to light my fire at the general blaze of you who
live wholly, indivisibly and without caring.'

'When I came into the room tonight,' said Susan, 'I stopped, I
peered about like an animal with its eyes near to the ground.  The
smell of carpets and furniture and scent disgusts me.  I like to
walk through the wet fields alone, or to stop at a gate and watch
my setter nose in a circle, and to ask:  Where is the hare?  I like
to be with people who twist herbs, and spit into the fire, and
shuffle down long passages in slippers like my father.  The only
sayings I understand are cries of love, hate, rage and pain.  This
talking is undressing an old woman whose dress had seemed to be
part of her, but now, as we talk, she turns pinkish underneath, and
has wrinkled thighs and sagging breasts.  When you are silent you
are again beautiful.  I shall never have anything but natural
happiness.  It will almost content me.  I shall go to bed tired.  I
shall lie like a field bearing crops in rotation; in the summer
heat will dance over me; in the winter I shall be cracked with the
cold.  But heat and cold will follow each other naturally without
my willing or unwilling.  My children will carry me on; their
teething, their crying, their going to school and coming back will
be like the waves of the sea under me.  No day will be without its
movement.  I shall be lifted higher than any of you on the backs of
the seasons.  I shall possess more than Jinny, more than Rhoda, by
the time I die.  But on the other hand, where you are various and
dimple a million times to the ideas and laughter of others, I shall
be sullen, storm-tinted and all one purple.  I shall be debased and
hide-bound by the bestial and beautiful passion of maternity.  I
shall push the fortunes of my children unscrupulously.  I shall
hate those who see their faults.  I shall lie basely to help them.
I shall let them wall me away from you, from you and from you.
Also, I am torn with jealousy.  I hate Jinny because she shows me
that my hands are red, my nails bitten.  I love with such ferocity
that it kills me when the object of my love shows by a phrase that
he can escape.  He escapes, and I am left clutching at a string
that slips in and out among the leaves on the tree-tops.  I do not
understand phrases.'

'Had I been born,' said Bernard, 'not knowing that one word follows
another I might have been, who knows, perhaps anything.  As it is,
finding sequences everywhere, I cannot bear the pressure of
solitude.  When I cannot see words curling like rings of smoke
round me I am in darkness--I am nothing.  When I am alone I fall
into lethargy, and say to myself dismally as I poke the cinders
through the bars of the grate, Mrs Moffat will come.  She will come
and sweep it all up.  When Louis is alone he sees with astonishing
intensity, and will write some words that may outlast us all.
Rhoda loves to be alone.  She fears us because we shatter the sense
of being which is so extreme in solitude--see how she grasps her
fork--her weapon against us.  But I only come into existence when
the plumber, or the horse-dealer, or whoever it may be, says
something which sets me alight.  Then how lovely the smoke of my
phrase is, rising and falling, flaunting and falling, upon red
lobsters and yellow fruit, wreathing them into one beauty.  But
observe how meretricious the phrase is--made up of what evasions
and old lies.  Thus my character is in part made of the stimulus
which other people provide, and is not mine, as yours are.  There
is some fatal streak, some wandering and irregular vein of silver,
weakening it.  Hence the fact that used to enrage Neville at
school, that I left him.  I went with the boasting boys with little
caps and badges, driving off in big brakes--there are some here
tonight, dining together, correctly dressed, before they go off in
perfect concord to the music hall; I loved them.  For they bring me
into existence as certainly as you do.  Hence, too, when I am
leaving you and the train is going, you feel that it is not the
train that is going, but I, Bernard, who does not care, who does
not feel, who has no ticket, and has lost perhaps his purse.
Susan, staring at the string that slips in and out among the leaves
of the beech trees, cries:  "He is gone!  He has escaped me!"  For
there is nothing to lay hold of.  I am made and remade continually.
Different people draw different words from me.

'Thus there is not one person but fifty people whom I want to sit
beside tonight.  But I am the only one of you who is at home here
without taking liberties.  I am not gross; I am not a snob.  If I
lie open to the pressure of society I often succeed with the
dexterity of my tongue in putting something difficult into the
currency.  See my little toys, twisted out of nothing in a second,
how they entertain.  I am no hoarder--I shall leave only a cupboard
of old clothes when I die--and I am almost indifferent to the minor
vanities of life which cause Louis so much torture.  But I have
sacrificed much.  Veined as I am with iron, with silver and streaks
of common mud, I cannot contract into the firm fist which those
clench who do not depend upon stimulus.  I am incapable of the
denials, the heroisms of Louis and Rhoda.  I shall never succeed,
even in talk, in making a perfect phrase.  But I shall have
contributed more to the passing moment than any of you; I shall go
into more rooms, more different rooms, than any of you.  But
because there is something that comes from outside and not from
within I shall be forgotten; when my voice is silent you will not
remember me, save as the echo of a voice that once wreathed the
fruit into phrases.'

'Look,' said Rhoda; 'listen.  Look how the light becomes richer,
second by second, and bloom and ripeness lie everywhere; and our
eyes, as they range round this room with all its tables, seem to
push through curtains of colour, red, orange, umber and queer
ambiguous tints, which yield like veils and close behind them, and
one thing melts into another.'

'Yes,' said Jinny, 'our senses have widened.  Membranes, webs of
nerve that lay white and limp, have filled and spread themselves
and float round us like filaments, making the air tangible and
catching in them far-away sounds unheard before.'

'The roar of London,' said Louis, 'is round us.  Motor-cars, vans,
omnibuses pass and repass continuously.  All are merged in one
turning wheel of single sound.  All separate sounds--wheels, bells,
the cries of drunkards, of merrymakers--are churned into one sound,
steel blue, circular.  Then a siren hoots.  At that shores slip
away, chimneys flatten themselves, the ship makes for the open
sea.'

'Percival is going,' said Neville.  'We sit here, surrounded, lit
up, many coloured; all things--hands, curtains, knives and forks,
other people dining--run into each other.  We are walled in here.
But India lies outside.'

'I see India,' said Bernard.  'I see the low, long shore; I see the
tortuous lanes of stamped mud that lead in and out among ramshackle
pagodas; I see the gilt and crenellated buildings which have an air
of fragility and decay as if they were temporarily run up buildings
in some Oriental exhibition.  I see a pair of bullocks who drag a
low cart along the sun-baked road.  The cart sways incompetently
from side to side.  Now one wheel sticks in the rut, and at once
innumerable natives in loin-cloths swarm round it, chattering
excitedly.  But they do nothing.  Time seems endless, ambition
vain.  Over all broods a sense of the uselessness of human
exertion.  There are strange sour smells.  An old man in a ditch
continues to chew betel and to contemplate his navel.  But now,
behold, Percival advances; Percival rides a flea-bitten mare, and
wears a sun-helmet.  By applying the standards of the West, by
using the violent language that is natural to him, the bullock-cart
is righted in less than five minutes.  The Oriental problem is
solved.  He rides on; the multitude cluster round him, regarding
him as if he were--what indeed he is--a God.'

'Unknown, with or without a secret, it does not matter,' said
Rhoda, 'he is like a stone fallen into a pond round which minnows
swarm.  Like minnows, we who had been shooting this way, that way,
all shot round him when he came.  Like minnows, conscious of the
presence of a great stone, we undulate and eddy contentedly.
Comfort steals over us.  Gold runs in our blood.  One, two; one,
two; the heart beats in serenity, in confidence, in some trance of
well-being, in some rapture of benignity; and look--the outermost
parts of the earth--pale shadows on the utmost horizon, India for
instance, rise into our purview.  The world that had been
shrivelled, rounds itself; remote provinces are fetched up out of
darkness; we see muddy roads, twisted jungle, swarms of men, and
the vulture that feeds on some bloated carcass as within our scope,
part of our proud and splendid province, since Percival, riding
alone on a flea-bitten mare, advances down a solitary path, has his
camp pitched among desolate trees, and sits alone, looking at the
enormous mountains.'

'It is Percival,' said Louis, 'sitting silent as he sat among the
tickling grasses when the breeze parted the clouds and they formed
again, who makes us aware that these attempts to say, "I am this, I
am that," which we make, coming together, like separated parts of
one body and soul, are false.  Something has been left out from
fear.  Something has been altered, from vanity.  We have tried to
accentuate differences.  From the desire to be separate we have
laid stress upon our faults, and what is particular to us.  But
there is a chain whirling round, round, in a steel-blue circle
beneath.'

'It is hate, it is love,' said Susan.  That is the furious coal-
black stream that makes us dizzy if we look down into it.  We stand
on a ledge here, but if we look down we turn giddy.'

'It is love,' said Jinny, 'it is hate, such as Susan feels for me
because I kissed Louis once in the garden; because equipped as I
am, I make her think when I come in, "My hands are red," and hide
them.  But our hatred is almost indistinguishable from our love.'

'Yet these roaring waters,' said Neville, 'upon which we build our
crazy platforms are more stable than the wild, the weak and
inconsequent cries that we utter when, trying to speak, we rise;
when we reason and jerk out these false sayings, "I am this; I am
that!"  Speech is false.

'But I eat.  I gradually lose all knowledge of particulars as I
eat.  I am becoming weighed down with food.  These delicious
mouthfuls of roast duck, fitly piled with vegetables, following
each other in exquisite rotation of warmth, weight, sweet and
bitter, past my palate, down my gullet, into my stomach, have
stabilized my body.  I feel quiet, gravity, control.  All is solid
now.  Instinctively my palate now requires and anticipates
sweetness and lightness, something sugared and evanescent; and cool
wine, fitting glove-like over those finer nerves that seem to
tremble from the roof of my mouth and make it spread (as I drink)
into a domed cavern, green with vine leaves, musk-scented, purple
with grapes.  Now I can look steadily into the mill-race that foams
beneath.  By what particular name are we to call it?  Let Rhoda
speak, whose face I see reflected mistily in the looking-glass
opposite; Rhoda whom I interrupted when she rocked her petals in a
brown basin, asking for the pocket-knife that Bernard had stolen.
Love is not a whirlpool to her.  She is not giddy when she looks
down.  She looks far away over our heads, beyond India.'

'Yes, between your shoulders, over your heads, to a landscape,'
said Rhoda, 'to a hollow where the many-backed steep hills come
down like birds' wings folded.  There, on the short, firm turf, are
bushes, dark leaved, and against their darkness I see a shape,
white, but not of stone, moving, perhaps alive.  But it is not you,
it is not you, it is not you; not Percival, Susan, Jinny, Neville
or Louis.  When the white arm rests upon the knee it is a triangle;
now it is upright--a column; now a fountain, falling.  It makes no
sign, it does not beckon, it does not see us.  Behind it roars the
sea.  It is beyond our reach.  Yet there I venture.  There I go to
replenish my emptiness, to stretch my nights and fill them fuller
and fuller with dreams.  And for a second even now, even here, I
reach my object and say, "Wander no more.  All else is trial and
make-believe.  Here is the end."  But these pilgrimages, these
moments of departure, start always in your presence, from this
table, these lights from Percival and Susan, here and now.  Always
I see the grove over your heads, between your shoulders, or from a
window when I have crossed the room at a party and stand looking
down into the street.'

'But his slippers?' said Neville.  'And his voice downstairs in the
hall?  And catching sight of him when he does not see one?  One
waits and he does not come.  It gets later and later.  He has
forgotten.  He is with someone else.  He is faithless, his love
meant nothing.  Oh, then the agony--then the intolerable despair!
And then the door opens.  He is here.'

'Ripping gold, I say to him, "Come",' said Jinny.  'And he comes;
he crosses the room to where I sit, with my dress like a veil
billowing round me on the gilt chair.  Our hands touch, our bodies
burst into fire.  The chair, the cup, the table--nothing remains
unlit.  All quivers, all kindles, all burns clear.'

('Look, Rhoda,' said Louis, 'they have become nocturnal, rapt.
Their eyes are like moths' wings moving so quickly that they do not
seem to move at all.'

'Horns and trumpets,' said Rhoda, 'ring out.  Leaves unfold; the
stags blare in the thicket.  There is a dancing and a drumming,
like the dancing and the drumming of naked men with assegais.'

'Like the dance of savages,' said Louis, 'round the camp-fire.
They are savage; they are ruthless.  They dance in a circle,
flapping bladders.  The flames leap over their painted faces, over
the leopard skins and the bleeding limbs which they have torn from
the living body.'

'The flames of the festival rise high,' said Rhoda.  'The great
procession passes, flinging green boughs and flowering branches.
Their horns spill blue smoke; their skins are dappled red and
yellow in the torchlight.  They throw violets.  They deck the
beloved with garlands and with laurel leaves, there on the ring of
turf where the steep-backed hills come down.  The procession
passes.  And while it passes, Louis, we are aware of downfalling,
we forebode decay.  The shadow slants.  We who are conspirators,
withdrawn together to lean over some cold urn, note how the purple
flame flows downwards.'

'Death is woven in with the violets,' said Louis.  'Death and again
death.')

'How proudly we sit here,' said Jinny, 'we who are not yet twenty-
five!  Outside the trees flower; outside the women linger; outside
the cabs swerve and sweep.  Emerged from the tentative ways, the
obscurities and dazzle of youth, we look straight in front of us,
ready for what may come (the door opens, the door keeps on
opening).  All is real; all is firm without shadow or illusion.
Beauty rides our brows.  There is mine, there is Susan's.  Our
flesh is firm and cool.  Our differences are clear-cut as the
shadows of rocks in full sunlight.  Beside us lie crisp rolls,
yellow-glazed and hard; the table-cloth is white; and our hands lie
half curled, ready to contract.  Days and days are to come; winter
days, summer days; we have scarcely broken into our hoard.  Now the
fruit is swollen beneath the leaf.  The room is golden, and I say
to him, "Come".'

'He has red ears,' said Louis, 'and the smell of meat hangs down in
a damp net while the city clerks take snacks at the lunch bar.'

'With infinite time before us,' said Neville, 'we ask what shall we
do?  Shall we loiter down Bond Street, looking here and there, and
buying perhaps a fountain-pen because it is green, or asking how
much is the ring with the blue stone?  Or shall we sit indoors and
watch the coals turn crimson?  Shall we stretch our hands for books
and read here a passage and there a passage?  Shall we shout with
laughter for no reason?  Shall we push through flowering meadows
and make daisy chains?  Shall we find out when the next train
starts for the Hebrides and engage a reserved compartment?  All is
to come.'

'For you,' said Bernard, 'but yesterday I walked bang into a
pillar-box.  Yesterday I became engaged.'

'How strange,' said Susan, 'the little heaps of sugar look by the
side of our plates.  Also the mottled peelings of pears, and the
plush rims to the looking-glasses.  I had not seen them before.
Everything is now set; everything is fixed.  Bernard is engaged.
Something irrevocable has happened.  A circle has been cast on the
waters; a chain is imposed.  We shall never flow freely again.'

'For one moment only,' said Louis.  'Before the chain breaks,
before disorder returns, see us fixed, see us displayed, see us
held in a vice.

'But now the circle breaks.  Now the current flows.  Now we rush
faster than before.  Now passions that lay in wait down there in
the dark weeds which grow at the bottom rise and pound us with
their waves.  Pain and jealousy, envy and desire, and something
deeper than they are, stronger than love and more subterranean.
The voice of action speaks.  Listen, Rhoda (for we are conspirators,
with our hands on the cold urn), to the casual, quick, exciting
voice of action, of hounds running on the scent. They speak now
without troubling to finish their sentences.  They talk a little
language such as lovers use.  An imperious brute possesses them.
The nerves thrill in their thighs.  Their hearts pound and churn in
their sides.  Susan screws her pocket-handkerchief.  Jinny's eyes
dance with fire.'

'They are immune,' said Rhoda, 'from picking fingers and searching
eyes.  How easily they turn and glance; what poses they take of
energy and pride!  What life shines in Jinny's eyes; how fell, how
entire Susan's glance is, searching for insects at the roots!
Their hair shines lustrous.  Their eyes burn like the eyes of
animals brushing through leaves on the scent of the prey.  The
circle is destroyed.  We are thrown asunder.'

'But soon, too soon,' said Bernard, 'this egotistic exultation
fails.  Too soon the moment of ravenous identity is over, and the
appetite for happiness, and happiness, and still more happiness is
glutted.  The stone is sunk; the moment is over.  Round me there
spreads a wide margin of indifference.  Now open in my eyes a
thousand eyes of curiosity.  Anyone now is at liberty to murder
Bernard, who is engaged to be married, so long as they leave
untouched this margin of unknown territory, this forest of the
unknown world.  Why, I ask (whispering discreetly), do women dine
alone together there?  Who are they?  And what has brought them on
this particular evening to this particular spot?  The youth in the
corner, judging from the nervous way in which he puts his hand from
time to time to the back of his head, is from the country.  He is
suppliant, and so anxious to respond suitably to the kindness of
his father's friend, his host, that he can scarcely enjoy now what
he will enjoy very much at about half-past eleven tomorrow morning.
I have also seen that lady powder her nose three times in the midst
of an absorbing conversation--about love, perhaps, about the
unhappiness of their dearest friend perhaps.  "Ah, but the state of
my nose!" she thinks, and out comes her powder-puff, obliterating
in its passage all the most fervent feelings of the human heart.
There remains, however, the insoluble problem of the solitary man
with the eyeglass; of the elderly lady drinking champagne alone.
Who and what are these unknown people? I ask.  I could make a dozen
stories of what he said, of what she said--I can see a dozen
pictures.  But what are stories?  Toys I twist, bubbles I blow, one
ring passing through another.  And sometimes I begin to doubt if
there are stories.  What is my story?  What is Rhoda's?  What is
Neville's?  There are facts, as, for example:  "The handsome young
man in the grey suit, whose reserve contrasted so strangely with
the loquacity of the others, now brushed the crumbs from his
waistcoat and, with a characteristic gesture at once commanding and
benign, made a sign to the waiter, who came instantly and returned
a moment later with the bill discreetly folded upon a plate."  That
is the truth; that is a fact, but beyond it all is darkness and
conjecture.'

'Now once more,' said Louis, 'as we are about to part, having paid
our bill, the circle in our blood, broken so often, so sharply, for
we are so different, closes in a ring.  Something is made.  Yes, as
we rise and fidget, a little nervously, we pray, holding in our
hands this common feeling, "Do not move, do not let the swing door
cut to pieces the thing that we have made, that globes itself here,
among these lights, these peelings, this litter of bread crumbs and
people passing.  Do not move, do not go.  Hold it for ever."'

'Let us hold it for one moment,' said Jinny; 'love, hatred, by
whatever name we call it, this globe whose walls are made of
Percival, of youth and beauty, and something so deep sunk within us
that we shall perhaps never make this moment out of one man again.'

'Forests and far countries on the other side of the world,' said
Rhoda, 'are in it; seas and jungles; the howlings of jackals and
moonlight falling upon some high peak where the eagle soars.'

'Happiness is in it,' said Neville, 'and the quiet of ordinary
things.  A table, a chair, a book with a paper-knife stuck between
the pages.  And the petal falling from the rose, and the light
flickering as we sit silent, or, perhaps, bethinking us of some
trifle, suddenly speak.'

'Week-days are in it,' said Susan, 'Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday; the
horses going up to the fields, and the horses returning; the rooks
rising and falling, and catching the elm-trees in their net,
whether it is April, whether it is November.'

'What is to come is in it,' said Bernard.  'That is the last drop
and the brightest that we let fall like some supernal quicksilver
into the swelling and splendid moment created by us from Percival.
What is to come? I ask, brushing the crumbs from my waistcoat, what
is outside?  We have proved, sitting eating, sitting talking, that
we can add to the treasury of moments.  We are not slaves bound to
suffer incessantly unrecorded petty blows on our bent backs.  We
are not sheep either, following a master.  We are creators.  We too
have made something that will join the innumerable congregations of
past time.  We too, as we put on our hats and push open the door,
stride not into chaos, but into a world that our own force can
subjugate and make part of the illumined and everlasting road.

'Look, Percival, while they fetch the taxi, at the prospect which
you are so soon to lose.  The street is hard and burnished with the
churning of innumerable wheels.  The yellow canopy of our
tremendous energy hangs like a burning cloth above our heads.
Theatres, music halls and lamps in private houses make that light.'

'Peaked clouds,' said Rhoda, 'voyage over a sky dark like polished
whalebone.'

'Now the agony begins; now the horror has seized me with its
fangs,' said Neville.  'Now the cab comes; now Percival goes.  What
can we do to keep him?  How bridge the distance between us?  How
fan the fire so that it blazes for ever?  How signal to all time to
come that we, who stand in the street, in the lamplight, loved
Percival?  Now Percival is gone.'




The sun had risen to its full height.  It was no longer half seen
and guessed at, from hints and gleams, as if a girl couched on her
green-sea mattress tired her brows with water-globed jewels that
sent lances of opal-tinted light falling and flashing in the
uncertain air like the flanks of a dolphin leaping, or the flash of
a falling blade.  Now the sun burnt uncompromising, undeniable.  It
struck upon the hard sand, and the rocks became furnaces of red
heat; it searched each pool and caught the minnow hiding in the
cranny, and showed the rusty cartwheel, the white bone, or the boot
without laces stuck, black as iron, in the sand.  It gave to
everything its exact measure of colour; to the sandhills their
innumerable glitter, to the wild grasses their glancing green; or
it fell upon the arid waste of the desert, here wind-scourged into
furrows, here swept into desolate cairns, here sprinkled with
stunted dark-green jungle trees.  It lit up the smooth gilt mosque,
the frail pink-and-white card houses of the southern village, and
the long-breasted, white-haired women who knelt in the river bed
beating wrinkled cloths upon stones.  Steamers thudding slowly over
the sea were caught in the level stare of the sun, and it beat
through the yellow awnings upon passengers who dozed or paced the
deck, shading their eyes to look for the land, while day after day,
compressed in its oily throbbing sides, the ship bore them on
monotonously over the waters.

The sun beat on the crowded pinnacles of southern hills and glared
into deep, stony river beds where the water was shrunk beneath the
high slung bridge so that washerwomen kneeling on hot stones could
scarcely wet their linen; and lean mules went picking their way
among the chattering grey stones with panniers slung across their
narrow shoulders.  At midday the heat of the sun made the hills
grey as if shaved and singed in an explosion, while, further north,
in cloudier and rainier countries hills smoothed into slabs as with
the back of a spade had a light in them as if a warder, deep
within, went from chamber to chamber carrying a green lamp.
Through atoms of grey-blue air the sun struck at English fields and
lit up marshes and pools, a white gull on a stake, the slow sail of
shadows over blunt-headed woods and young corn and flowing
hayfields.  It beat on the orchard wall, and every pit and grain of
the brick was silver pointed, purple, fiery as if soft to touch, as
if touched it must melt into hot-baked grains of dust.  The
currants hung against the wall in ripples and cascades of polished
red; plums swelled out their leaves, and all the blades of the
grass were run together in one fluent green blaze.  The trees'
shadow was sunk to a dark pool at the root.  Light descending in
floods dissolved the separate foliation into one green mound.

The birds sang passionate songs addressed to one ear only and then
stopped.  Bubbling and chuckling they carried little bits of straw
and twig to the dark knots in the higher branches of the trees.
Gilt and purpled they perched in the garden where cones of laburnum
and purple shook down gold and lilac, for now at midday the garden
was all blossom and profusion and even the tunnels under the plants
were green and purple and tawny as the sun beat through the red
petal, or the broad yellow petal, or was barred by some thickly
furred green stalk.

The sun struck straight upon the house, making the white walls
glare between the dark windows.  Their panes, woven thickly with
green branches, held circles of impenetrable darkness.  Sharp-edged
wedges of light lay upon the window-sill and showed inside the room
plates with blue rings, cups with curved handles, the bulge of a
great bowl, the crisscross pattern in the rug, and the formidable
corners and lines of cabinets and bookcases.  Behind their
conglomeration hung a zone of shadow in which might be a further
shape to be disencumbered of shadow or still denser depths of
darkness.

The waves broke and spread their waters swiftly over the shore.
One after another they massed themselves and fell; the spray tossed
itself back with the energy of their fall.  The waves were steeped
deep-blue save for a pattern of diamond-pointed light on their
backs which rippled as the backs of great horses ripple with
muscles as they move.  The waves fell; withdrew and fell again,
like the thud of a great beast stamping.





'He is dead,' said Neville.  'He fell.  His horse tripped.  He was
thrown.  The sails of the world have swung round and caught me on
the head.  All is over.  The lights of the world have gone out.
There stands the tree which I cannot pass.

'Oh, to crumple this telegram in my fingers--to let the light of
the world flood back--to say this has not happened!  But why turn
one's head hither and thither?  This is the truth.  This is the
fact.  His horse stumbled; he was thrown.  The flashing trees and
white rails went up in a shower.  There was a surge; a drumming in
his ears.  Then the blow; the world crashed; he breathed heavily.
He died where he fell.

'Barns and summer days in the country, rooms where we sat--all now
lie in the unreal world which is gone.  My past is cut from me.
They came running.  They carried him to some pavilion, men in
riding-boots, men in sun helmets; among unknown men he died.
Loneliness and silence often surrounded him.  He often left me.
And then, returning, "See where he comes!" I said.

'Women shuffle past the window as if there were no gulf cut in the
street, no tree with stiff leaves which we cannot pass.  We deserve
then to be tripped by molehills.  We are infinitely abject,
shuffling past with our eyes shut.  But why should I submit?  Why
try to lift my foot and mount the stair?  This is where I stand;
here, holding the telegram.  The past, summer days and rooms where
we sat, stream away like burnt paper with red eyes in it.  Why meet
and resume?  Why talk and eat and make up other combinations with
other people?  From this moment I am solitary.  No one will know me
now.  I have three letters, "I am about to play quoits with a
colonel, so no more," thus he ends our friendship, shouldering his
way through the crowd with a wave of his hand.  This farce is worth
no more formal celebration.  Yet if someone had but said:  "Wait";
had pulled the strap three holes tighter--he would have done
justice for fifty years, and sat in Court and ridden alone at the
head of troops and denounced some monstrous tyranny, and come back
to us.

'Now I say there is a grinning, there is a subterfuge.  There is
something sneering behind our backs.  That boy almost lost his
footing as he leapt on the bus.  Percival fell; was killed; is
buried; and I watch people passing; holding tight to the rails of
omnibuses; determined to save their lives.

'I will not lift my foot to climb the stair.  I will stand for one
moment beneath the immitigable tree, alone with the man whose
throat is cut, while downstairs the cook shoves in and out the
dampers.  I will not climb the stair.  We are doomed, all of us.
Women shuffle past with shopping-bags.  People keep on passing.
Yet you shall not destroy me.  For this moment, this one moment, we
are together.  I press you to me.  Come, pain, feed on me.  Bury
your fangs in my flesh.  Tear me asunder.  I sob, I sob.'

'Such is the incomprehensible combination,' said Bernard, 'such is
the complexity of things, that as I descend the staircase I do not
know which is sorrow, which joy.  My son is born; Percival is dead.
I am upheld by pillars, shored up on either side by stark emotions;
but which is sorrow, which is joy?  I ask, and do not know, only
that I need silence, and to be alone and to go out, and to save one
hour to consider what has happened to my world, what death has done
to my world.

'This then is the world that Percival sees no longer.  Let me look.
The butcher delivers meat next door; two old men stumble along the
pavement; sparrows alight.  The machine then works; I note the
rhythm, the throb, but as a thing in which I have no part, since he
sees it no longer.  (He lies pale and bandaged in some room.)  Now
then is my chance to find out what is of great importance, and I
must be careful, and tell no lies.  About him my feeling was: he
sat there in the centre.  Now I go to that spot no longer.  The
place is empty.

'Oh yes, I can assure you, men in felt hats and women carrying
baskets--you have lost something that would have been very valuable
to you.  You have lost a leader whom you would have followed; and
one of you has lost happiness and children.  He is dead who would
have given you that.  He lies on a camp-bed, bandaged, in some hot
Indian hospital while coolies squatted on the floor agitate those
fans--I forget how they call them.  But this is important; "You are
well out of it," I said, while the doves descended over the roofs
and my son was born, as if it were a fact.  I remember, as a boy,
his curious air of detachment.  And I go on to say (my eyes fill
with tears and then are dry), "But this is better than one had
dared to hope."  I say, addressing what is abstract, facing me
eyeless at the end of the avenue, in the sky, "Is this the utmost
you can do?"  Then we have triumphed.  You have done your utmost, I
say, addressing that blank and brutal face (for he was twenty-five
and should have lived to be eighty) without avail.  I am not going
to lie down and weep away a life of care.  (An entry to be made in
my pocket-book; contempt for those who inflict meaningless death.)
Further, this is important; that I should be able to place him in
trifling and ridiculous situations, so that he may not feel himself
absurd, perched on a great horse.  I must be able to say,
"Percival, a ridiculous name."  At the same time let me tell you,
men and women, hurrying to the tube station, you would have had to
respect him.  You would have had to form up and follow behind him.
How strange to oar one's way through crowds seeing life through
hollow eyes, burning eyes.

'Yet already signals begin, beckonings, attempts to lure me back.
Curiosity is knocked out for only a short time.  One cannot live
outside the machine for more perhaps than half an hour.  Bodies, I
note, already begin to look ordinary; but what is behind them
differs--the perspective.  Behind that newspaper placard is the
hospital; the long room with black men pulling ropes; and then they
bury him.  Yet since it says a famous actress has been divorced, I
ask instantly Which?  Yet I cannot take out my penny; I cannot buy
a paper; I cannot suffer interruption yet.

'I ask, if I shall never see you again and fix my eyes on that
solidity, what form will our communication take?  You have gone
across the court, further and further, drawing finer and finer the
thread between us.  But you exist somewhere.  Something of you
remains.  A judge.  That is, if I discover a new vein in myself I
shall submit it to you privately.  I shall ask, What is your
verdict?  You shall remain the arbiter.  But for how long?  Things
will become too difficult to explain: there will be new things;
already my son.  I am now at the zenith of an experience.  It will
decline.  Already I no longer cry with conviction, "What luck!"
Exaltation, the flight of doves descending, is over.  Chaos, detail
return.  I am no longer amazed by names written over shop-windows.
I do not feel Why hurry?  Why catch trains?  The sequence returns;
one thing leads to another--the usual order.

'Yes, but I still resent the usual order.  I will not let myself be
made yet to accept the sequence of things.  I will walk; I will not
change the rhythm of my mind by stopping, by looking; I will walk.
I will go up these steps into the gallery and submit myself to the
influence of minds like mine outside the sequence.  There is little
time left to answer the question; my powers flag; I become torpid.
Here are pictures.  Here are cold madonnas among their pillars.
Let them lay to rest the incessant activity of the mind's eye, the
bandaged head, the men with ropes, so that I may find something
unvisual beneath.  Here are gardens; and Venus among her flowers;
here are saints and blue madonnas.  Mercifully these pictures make
no reference; they do not nudge; they do not point.  Thus they
expand my consciousness of him and bring him back to me
differently.  I remember his beauty.  "Look, where he comes," I
said.

'Lines and colours almost persuade me that I too can be heroic, I,
who make phrases so easily, am so soon seduced, love what comes
next, and cannot clench my fist, but vacillate weakly making phrases
according to my circumstances.  Now, through my own infirmity I
recover what he was to me: my opposite.  Being naturally truthful,
he did not see the point of these exaggerations, and was borne on by
a natural sense of the fitting, was indeed a great master of the art
of living so that he seems to have lived long, and to have spread
calm round him, indifference one might almost say, certainly to his
own advancement, save that he had also great compassion.  A child
playing--a summer evening--doors will open and shut, will keep
opening and shutting, through which I see sights that make me weep.
For they cannot be imparted.  Hence our loneliness; hence our
desolation.  I turn to that spot in my mind and find it empty.  My
own infirmities oppress me.  There is no longer him to oppose them.

'Behold, then, the blue madonna streaked with tears.  This is my
funeral service.  We have no ceremonies, only private dirges and no
conclusions, only violent sensations, each separate.  Nothing that
has been said meets our case.  We sit in the Italian room at the
National Gallery picking up fragments.  I doubt that Titian ever
felt this rat gnaw.  Painters live lives of methodical absorption,
adding stroke to stroke.  They are not like poets--scapegoats; they
are not chained to the rock.  Hence the silence, the sublimity.
Yet that crimson must have burnt in Titian's gizzard.  No doubt he
rose with the great arms holding the cornucopia, and fell, in that
descent.  But the silence weighs on me--the perpetual solicitation
of the eye.  The pressure is intermittent and muffled.  I
distinguish too little and too vaguely.  The bell is pressed and I
do not ring or give out irrelevant clamours all jangled.  I am
titillated inordinately by some splendour; the ruffled crimson
against the green lining; the march of pillars: the orange light
behind the black, pricked ears of the olive trees.  Arrows of
sensation strike from my spine, but without order.

'Yet something is added to my interpretation.  Something lies
deeply buried.  For one moment I thought to grasp it.  But bury it,
bury it; let it breed, hidden in the depths of my mind some day to
fructify.  After a long lifetime, loosely, in a moment of
revelation, I may lay hands on it, but now the idea breaks in my
hand.  Ideas break a thousand times for once that they globe
themselves entire.  They break: they fall over me.  "Line and
colours they survive, therefore . . ."

'I am yawning.  I am glutted with sensations.  I am exhausted with
the strain and the long, long time--twenty-five minutes, half an
hour--that I have held myself alone outside the machine.  I grow
numb; I grow stiff.  How shall I break up this numbness which
discredits my sympathetic heart?  There are others suffering--
multitudes of people suffering.  Neville suffers.  He loved
Percival.  But I can no longer endure extremities; I want someone
with whom to laugh, with whom to yawn, with whom to remember how he
scratched his head; someone he was at ease with and liked (not
Susan, whom he loved, but Jinny rather).  In her room also I could
do penance.  I could ask, Did he tell you how I refused him when he
asked me to go to Hampton Court that day?  Those are the thoughts
that will wake me leaping in anguish in the middle of the night--
the crimes for which one would do penance in all the markets of the
world bareheaded; that one did not go to Hampton Court that day.

'But now I want life round me, and books and little ornaments, and
the usual sounds of tradesmen calling on which to pillow my head
after this exhaustion, and shut my eyes after this revelation.  I
will go straight, then, down the stairs, and hail the first taxi
and drive to Jinny.'

'There is the puddle,' said Rhoda, 'and I cannot cross it.  I hear
the rush of the great grindstone within an inch of my head.  Its
wind roars in my face.  All palpable forms of life have failed me.
Unless I can stretch and touch something hard, I shall be blown
down the eternal corridors for ever.  What, then, can I touch?
What brick, what stone? and so draw myself across the enormous gulf
into my body safely?

'Now the shadow has fallen and the purple light slants downwards.
The figure that was robed in beauty is now clothed in ruin.  The
figure that stood in the grove where the steep-backed hills come
down falls in ruin, as I told them when they said they loved his
voice on the stair, and his old shoes and moments of being
together.

'Now I will walk down Oxford Street envisaging a world rent by
lightning; I will look at oaks cracked asunder and red where the
flowering branch has fallen.  I will go to Oxford Street and buy
stockings for a party.  I will do the usual things under the
lightning flash.  On the bare ground I will pick violets and bind
them together and offer them to Percival, something given him by
me.  Look now at what Percival has given me.  Look at the street
now that Percival is dead.  The houses are lightly founded to be
puffed over by a breath of air.  Reckless and random the cars race
and roar and hunt us to death like bloodhounds.  I am alone in a
hostile world.  The human face is hideous.  This is to my liking.
I want publicity and violence and to be dashed like a stone on the
rocks.  I like factory chimneys and cranes and lorries.  I like the
passing of face and face and face, deformed, indifferent.  I am
sick of prettiness; I am sick of privacy.  I ride rough waters and
shall sink with no one to save me.

'Percival, by his death, has made me this present, has revealed
this terror, has left me to undergo this humiliation--faces and
faces, served out like soup-plates by scullions; coarse, greedy,
casual; looking in at shop-windows with pendent parcels; ogling,
brushing, destroying everything, leaving even our love impure,
touched now by their dirty fingers.

'Here is the shop where they sell stockings.  And I could believe
that beauty is once more set flowing.  Its whisper comes down these
aisles, through these laces, breathing among baskets of coloured
ribbons.  There are then warm hollows grooved in the heart of the
uproar; alcoves of silence where we can shelter under the wing of
beauty from truth which I desire.  Pain is suspended as a girl
silently slides open a drawer.  And then, she speaks; her voice
wakes me.  I shoot to the bottom among the weeds and see envy,
jealousy, hatred and spite scuttle like crabs over the sand as she
speaks.  These are our companion's.  I will pay my bill and take my
parcel.

'This is Oxford Street.  Here are hate, jealousy, hurry, and
indifference frothed into the wild semblance of life.  These are
our companions.  Consider the friends with whom we sit and eat.  I
think of Louis, reading the sporting column of an evening
newspaper, afraid of ridicule; a snob.  He says, looking at the
people passing, he will shepherd us if we will follow.  If we
submit he will reduce us to order.  Thus he will smooth out the
death of Percival to his satisfaction, looking fixedly over the
cruet, past the houses at the sky.  Bernard, meanwhile, flops red-
eyed into some arm-chair.  He will have out his notebook; under D,
he will enter "Phrases to be used on the deaths of friends".
Jinny, pirouetting across the room, will perch on the arm of his
chair and ask, "Did he love me?"  "More than he loved Susan?"
Susan, engaged to her farmer in the country, will stand for a
second with the telegram before her, holding a plate; and then,
with a kick of her heel, slam to the oven door.  Neville, after
staring at the window through his tears, will see through his
tears, and ask, "Who passes the window?"--"What lovely boy?"  This
is my tribute to Percival; withered violets, blackened violets.

'Where shall I go then?  To some museum, where they keep rings
under glass cases, where there are cabinets, and the dresses that
queens have worn?  Or shall I go to Hampton Court and look at the
red walls and courtyards and the seemliness of herded yew trees
making black pyramids symmetrically on the grass among flowers?
There shall I recover beauty, and impose order upon my raked, my
dishevelled soul?  But what can one make in loneliness?  Alone I
should stand on the empty grass and say, Rooks fly; somebody passes
with a bag; there is a gardener with a wheelbarrow.  I should stand
in a queue and smell sweat, and scent as horrible as sweat; and be
hung with other people like a joint of meat among other joints of
meat.

'Here is a hall where one pays money and goes in, where one hears
music among somnolent people who have come here after lunch on a
hot afternoon.  We have eaten beef and pudding enough to live for a
week without tasting food.  Therefore we cluster like maggots on
the back of something that will carry us on.  Decorous, portly--we
have white hair waved under our hats; slim shoes; little bags;
clean-shaven cheeks; here and there a military moustache; not a
speck of dust has been allowed to settle anywhere on our
broadcloth.  Swaying and opening programmes, with a few words of
greeting to friends, we settle down, like walruses stranded on
rocks, like heavy bodies incapable of waddling to the sea, hoping
for a wave to lift us, but we are too heavy, and too much dry
shingle lies between us and the sea.  We lie gorged with food,
torpid in the heat.  Then, swollen but contained in slippery satin,
the seagreen woman comes to our rescue.  She sucks in her lips,
assumes an air of intensity, inflates herself and hurls herself
precisely at the right moment as if she saw an apple and her voice
was the arrow into the note, "Ah!"

'An axe has split a tree to the core; the core is warm; sound
quivers within the bark.  "Ah!" cried a woman to her lover, leaning
from her window in Venice.  "Ah, ah!" she cried, and again she
cries "Ah!"  She has provided us with a cry.  But only a cry.  And
what is a cry?  Then the beetle-shaped men come with their violins;
wait; count; nod; down come their bows.  And there is ripple and
laughter like the dance of olive trees and their myriad-tongued
grey leaves when a seafarer, biting a twig between his lips where
the many-backed steep hills come down, leaps on shore.

'"Like" and "like" and "like"--but what is the thing that lies
beneath the semblance of the thing?  Now that lightning has gashed
the tree and the flowering branch has fallen and Percival, by his
death, has made me this gift, let me see the thing.  There is a
square; there is an oblong.  The players take the square and place
it upon the oblong.  They place it very accurately; they make a
perfect dwelling-place.  Very little is left outside.  The
structure is now visible; what is inchoate is here stated; we are
not so various or so mean; we have made oblongs and stood them upon
squares.  This is our triumph; this is our consolation.

The sweetness of this content overflowing runs down the walls of my
mind, and liberates understanding.  Wander no more, I say; this is
the end.  The oblong has been set upon the square; the spiral is on
top.  We have been hauled over the shingle, down to the sea.  The
players come again.  But they are mopping their faces.  They are no
longer so spruce or so debonair.  I will go.  I will set aside this
afternoon.  I will make a pilgrimage.  I will go to Greenwich.  I
will fling myself fearlessly into trams, into omnibuses.  As we
lurch down Regent Street, and I am flung upon this woman, upon this
man, I am not injured, I am not outraged by the collision.  A
square stands upon an oblong.  Here are mean streets where
chaffering goes on in street markets, and every sort of iron rod,
bolt and screw is laid out, and people swarm off the pavement,
pinching raw meat with thick fingers.  The structure is visible.
We have made a dwelling-place.

'These, then, are the flowers that grow among the rough grasses of
the field which the cows trample, wind-bitten, almost deformed,
without fruit or blossom.  These are what I bring, torn up by the
roots from the pavement of Oxford Street, my penny bunch, my penny
bunch of violets.  Now from the window of the tram I see masts
among chimneys; there is the river; there are ships that sail to
India.  I will walk by the river.  I will pace this embankment,
where an old man reads a newspaper in a glass shelter.  I will pace
this terrace and watch the ships bowling down the tide.  A woman
walks on deck, with a dog barking round her.  Her skirts are blown;
her hair is blown; they are going out to sea; they are leaving us;
they are vanishing this summer evening.  Now I will relinquish; now
I will let loose.  Now I will at last free the checked, the jerked-
back desire to be spent, to be consumed.  We will gallop together
over desert hills where the swallow dips her wings in dark pools
and the pillars stand entire.  Into the wave that dashes upon the
shore, into the wave that flings its white foam to the uttermost
corners of the earth, I throw my violets, my offering to Percival.'




The sun no longer stood in the middle of the sky.  Its light
slanted, falling obliquely.  Here it caught on the edge of a cloud
and burnt it into a slice of light, a blazing island on which no
foot could rest.  Then another cloud was caught in the light and
another and another, so that the waves beneath were arrow-struck
with fiery feathered darts that shot erratically across the
quivering blue.

The topmost leaves of the tree were crisped in the sun.  They
rustled stiffly in the random breeze.  The birds sat still save
that they flicked their heads sharply from side to side.  Now they
paused in their song as if glutted with sound, as if the fullness
of midday had gorged them.  The dragon-fly poised motionless over a
reed, then shot its blue stitch further through the air.  The far
hum in the distance seemed made of the broken tremor of fine wings
dancing up and down on the horizon.  The river water held the reeds
now fixed as if glass had hardened round them; and then the glass
wavered and the reeds swept low.  Pondering, sunken headed, the
cattle stood in the fields and cumbrously moved one foot and then
another.  In the bucket near the house the tap stopped dripping, as
if the bucket were full, and then the tap dripped one, two, three
separate drops in succession.

The windows showed erratically spots of burning fire, the elbow of
one branch, and then some tranquil space of pure clarity.  The
blind hung red at the window's edge and within the room daggers of
light fell upon chairs and tables making cracks across their
lacquer and polish.  The green pot bulged enormously, with its
white window elongated in its side.  Light driving darkness before
it spilt itself profusely upon the corners and bosses; and yet
heaped up darkness in mounds of unmoulded shape.

The waves massed themselves, curved their backs and crashed.  Up
spurted stones and shingle.  They swept round the rocks, and the
spray, leaping high, spattered the walls of a cave that had been
dry before, and left pools inland, where some fish stranded lashed
its tail as the wave drew back.




'I have signed my name,' said Louis, 'already twenty times.  I, and
again I, and again I.  Clear, firm, unequivocal, there it stands,
my name.  Clear-cut and unequivocal am I too.  Yet a vast
inheritance of experience is packed in me.  I have lived thousands
of years.  I am like a worm that has eaten its way through the wood
of a very old oak beam.  But now I am compact; now I am gathered
together this fine morning.

'The sun shines from a clear sky.  But twelve o'clock brings
neither rain nor sunshine.  It is the hour when Miss Johnson brings
me my letters in a wire tray.  Upon these white sheets I indent my
name.  The whisper of leaves, water running down gutters, green
depths flecked with dahlias or zinnias; I, now a duke, now Plato,
companion of Socrates; the tramp of dark men and yellow men
migrating east, west, north and south; the eternal procession,
women going with attache cases down the Strand as they went once
with pitchers to the Nile; all the furled and close-packed leaves
of my many-folded life are now summed in my name; incised cleanly
and barely on the sheet.  Now a full-grown man; now upright
standing in sun or rain.  I must drop heavy as a hatchet and cut
the oak with my sheer weight, for if I deviate, glancing this way,
or that way, I shall fall like snow and be wasted.

'I am half in love with the typewriter and the telephone.  With
letters and cables and brief but courteous commands on the
telephone to Paris, Berlin, New York, I have fused my many lives
into one; I have helped by my assiduity and decision to score those
lines on the map there by which the different parts of the world
are laced together.  I love punctually at ten to come into my room;
I love the purple glow of the dark mahogany; I love the table and
its sharp edge; and the smooth-running drawers.  I love the
telephone with its lip stretched to my whisper, and the date on the
wall; and the engagement book.  Mr Prentice at four; Mr Eyres sharp
at four-thirty.

'I like to be asked to come to Mr Burchard's private room and
report on our commitments to China.  I hope to inherit an arm-chair
and a Turkey carpet.  My shoulder is to the wheel; I roll the dark
before me, spreading commerce where there was chaos in the far
parts of the world.  If I press on,--from chaos making order, I
shall find myself where Chatham stood, and Pitt, Burke and Sir
Robert Peel.  Thus I expunge certain stains, and erase old
defilements; the woman who gave me a flag from the top of the
Christmas tree; my accent; beatings and other tortures; the
boasting boys; my father, a banker at Brisbane.

'I have read my poet in an eating-house, and, stirring my coffee,
listened to the clerks making bets at the little tables, watched
the women hesitating at the counter.  I said that nothing should be
irrelevant, like a piece of brown paper dropped casually on the
floor.  I said their journeys should have an end in view; they
should earn their two pound ten a week at the command of an august
master; some hand, some robe, should fold us about in the evening.
When I have healed these fractures and comprehended these
monstrosities so that they need neither excuse nor apology, which
both waste our strength, I shall give back to the street and the
eating-shop what they lost when they fell on these hard times and
broke on these stony beaches.  I shall assemble a few words and
forge round us a hammered ring of beaten steel.

'But now I have not a moment to spare.  There is no respite here,
no shadow made of quivering leaves, or alcove to which one can
retreat from the sun, to sit, with a lover, in the cool of the
evening.  The weight of the world is on our shoulders; its vision
is through our eyes; if we blink or look aside, or turn back to
finger what Plato said or remember Napoleon and his conquests, we
inflict on the world the injury of some obliquity.  This is life;
Mr Prentice at four; Mr Eyres at four-thirty.  I like to hear the
soft rush of the lift and the thud with which it stops on my
landing and the heavy male tread of responsible feet down the
corridors.  So by dint of our united exertions we send ships to the
remotest parts of the globe; replete with lavatories and
gymnasiums.  The weight of the world is on our shoulders.  This is
life.  If I press on, I shall inherit a chair and a rug; a place in
Surrey with glass houses, and some rare conifer, melon or flowering
tree which other merchants will envy.

'Yet I still keep my attic room.  There I open the usual little
book; there I watch the rain glisten on the tiles till they shine
like a policeman's waterproof; there I see the broken windows in
poor people's houses; the lean cats; some slattern squinting in a
cracked looking-glass as she arranges her face for the street
corner; there Rhoda sometimes comes.  For we are lovers.

'Percival has died (he died in Egypt; he died in Greece; all deaths
are one death).  Susan has children; Neville mounts rapidly to the
conspicuous heights.  Life passes.  The clouds change perpetually
over our houses.  I do this, do that, and again do this and then
that.  Meeting and parting, we assemble different forms, make
different patterns.  But if I do not nail these impressions to the
board and out of the many men in me make one; exist here and now
and not in streaks and patches, like scattered snow wreaths on far
mountains; and ask Miss Johnson as I pass through the office about
the movies and take my cup of tea and accept also my favourite
biscuit, then I shall fall like snow and be wasted.

'Yet when six o'clock comes and I touch my hat to the commissionaire,
being always too effusive in ceremony since I desire so much to be
accepted; and struggle, leaning against the wind, buttoned up, with
my jaws blue and my eyes running water, I wish that a little typist
would cuddle on my knees; I think that my favourite dish is liver
and bacon; and so am apt to wander to the river, to the narrow
streets where there are frequent public-houses, and the shadows of
ships passing at the end of the street, and women fighting.  But I
say to myself, recovering my sanity, Mr Prentice at four; Mr Eyres
at four-thirty.  The hatchet must fall on the block; the oak must be
cleft to the centre.  The weight of the world is on my shoulders.
Here is the pen and the paper; on the letters in the wire basket I
sign my name, I, I, and again I.'

'Summer comes, and winter,' said Susan.  'The seasons pass.  The
pear fills itself and drops from the tree.  The dead leaf rests on
its edge.  But steam has obscured the window.  I sit by the fire
watching the kettle boil.  I see the pear tree through the streaked
steam on the window-pane.

'Sleep, sleep, I croon, whether it is summer or winter, May or
November.  Sleep I sing--I, who am unmelodious and hear no music
save rustic music when a dog barks, a bell tinkles, or wheels
crunch upon the gravel.  I sing my song by the fire like an old
shell murmuring on the beach.  Sleep, sleep, I say, warning off
with my voice all who rattle milk-cans, fire at rooks, shoot
rabbits, or in any way bring the shock of destruction near this
wicker cradle, laden with soft limbs, curled under a pink coverlet.

'I have lost my indifference, my blank eyes, my pear-shaped eyes
that saw to the root.  I am no longer January, May or any other
season, but am all spun to a fine thread round the cradle, wrapping
in a cocoon made of my own blood the delicate limbs of my baby.
Sleep, I say, and feel within me uprush some wilder, darker
violence, so that I would fell down with one blow any intruder, any
snatcher, who should break into this room and wake the sleeper.

'I pad about the house all day long in apron and slippers, like my
mother who died of cancer.  Whether it is summer, whether it is
winter, I no longer know by the moor grass, and the heath flower;
only by the steam on the window-pane, or the frost on the window-
pane.  When the lark peels high his ring of sound and it falls
through the air like an apple paring, I stoop; I feed my baby.
I, who used to walk through beech woods noting the jay's feather
turning blue as it falls, past the shepherd and the tramp, who
stared at the woman squatted beside a tilted cart in a ditch, go
from room to room with a duster.  Sleep, I say, desiring sleep to
fall like a blanket of down and cover these weak limbs; demanding
that life shall sheathe its claws and gird its lightning and pass
by, making of my own body a hollow, a warm shelter for my child to
sleep in.  Sleep, I say, sleep.  Or I go to the window, I look at
the rook's high nest; and the pear tree.  "His eyes will see when
mine are shut," I think.  "I shall go mixed with them beyond my
body and shall see India.  He will come home, bringing trophies to
be laid at my feet.  He will increase my possessions."

'But I never rise at dawn and see the purple drops in the cabbage
leaves; the red drops in the roses.  I do not watch the setter nose
in a circle, or lie at night watching the leaves hide the stars and
the stars move and the leaves hang still.  The butcher calls; the
milk has to be stood under a shade lest it should sour.

'Sleep, I say, sleep, as the kettle boils and its breath comes
thicker and thicker issuing in one jet from the spout.  So life
fills my veins.  So life pours through my limbs.  So I am driven
forward, till I could cry, as I move from dawn to dusk opening and
shutting, "No more.  I am glutted with natural happiness."  Yet
more will come, more children; more cradles, more baskets in the
kitchen and hams ripening; and onions glistening; and more beds of
lettuce and potatoes.  I am blown like a leaf by the gale; now
brushing the wet grass, now whirled up.  I am glutted with natural
happiness; and wish sometimes that the fullness would pass from me
and the weight of the sleeping house rise, when we sit reading, and
I stay the thread at the eye of my needle.  The lamp kindles a fire
in the dark pane.  A fire burns in the heart of the ivy.  I see a
lit-up street in the evergreens.  I hear traffic in the brush of
the wind down the lane, and broken voices, and laughter, and Jinny
who cries as the door opens, "Come!  Come!"

'But no sound breaks the silence of our house, where the fields
sigh close to the door.  The wind washes through the elm trees; a
moth hits the lamp; a cow lows; a crack of sound starts in the
rafter, and I push my head through the needle and murmur, "Sleep".'

'Now is the moment,' said Jinny.  'Now we have met, and have come
together.  Now let us talk, let us tell stories.  Who is he?  Who
is she?  I am infinitely curious and do not know what is to come.
If you, whom I meet for the first time, were to say to me, "The
coach starts at four from Piccadilly," I would not stay to fling a
few necessaries in a bandbox, but would come at once.

'Let us sit here under the cut flowers, on the sofa by the picture.
Let us decorate our Christmas tree with facts and again with facts.
People are so soon gone; let us catch them.  That man there, by the
cabinet; he lives you say, surrounded by china pots.  Break one and
you shatter a thousand pounds.  And he loved a girl in Rome and she
left him.  Hence the pots, old junk found in lodging-houses or dug
from the desert sands.  And since beauty must be broken daily to
remain beautiful, and he is static, his life stagnates in a china
sea.  It is strange though; for once as a young man, he sat on damp
ground and drank rum with soldiers.

'One must be quick and add facts deftly, like toys to a tree,
fixing them with a twist of the fingers.  He stoops, how he stoops,
even over an azalea.  He stoops over the old woman even, because
she wears diamonds in her ears, and, bundling about her estate in a
pony carriage, directs who is to be helped, what tree felled, and
who turned out tomorrow.  (I have lived my life, I must tell you,
all these years, and I am now past thirty, perilously, like a
mountain goat, leaping from crag to crag; I do not settle long
anywhere; I do not attach myself to one person in particular; but
you will find that if I raise my arm, some figure at once breaks
off and will come.)  And that man is a judge; and that man is a
millionaire, and that man, with the eyeglass, shot his governess
through the heart with an arrow when he was ten years old.
Afterwards he rode through deserts with despatches, took part in
revolutions and now collects materials for a history of his
mother's family, long settled in Norfolk.  That little man with a
blue chin has a right hand that is withered.  But why?  We do not
know.  That woman, you whisper discreetly, with the pearl pagodas
hanging from her ears, was the pure flame who lit the life of one
of our statesmen; now since his death she sees ghosts, tells
fortunes, and has adopted a coffee-coloured youth whom she calls
the Messiah.  That man with the drooping moustache, like a cavalry
officer, lived a life of the utmost debauchery (it is all in some
memoir) until one day he met a stranger in a train who converted
him between Edinburgh and Carlisle by reading the Bible.

'Thus, in a few seconds, deftly, adroitly, we decipher the
hieroglyphs written on other people's faces.  Here, in this room,
are the abraded and battered shells cast on the shore.  The door
goes on opening.  The room fills and fills with knowledge, anguish,
many kinds of ambition, much indifference, some despair.  Between
us, you say, we could build cathedrals, dictate policies, condemn
men to death, and administer the affairs of several public offices.
The common fund of experience is very deep.  We have between us
scores of children of both sexes, whom we are educating, going to
see at school with the measles, and bringing up to inherit our
houses.  In one way or another we make this day, this Friday, some
by going to the Law Courts; others to the city; others to the
nursery; others by marching and forming fours.  A million hands
stitch, raise hods with bricks.  The activity is endless.  And
tomorrow it begins again; tomorrow we make Saturday.  Some take
train for France; others ship for India.  Some will never come into
this room again.  One may die tonight.  Another will beget a child.
From us every sort of building, policy, venture, picture, poem,
child, factory, will spring.  Life comes; life goes; we make life.
So you say.

'But we who live in the body see with the body's imagination things
in outline.  I see rocks in bright sunshine.  I cannot take these
facts into some cave and, shading my eyes, grade their yellows,
blues, umbers into one substance.  I cannot remain seated for long.
I must jump up and go.  The coach may start from Piccadilly.  I
drop all these facts--diamonds, withered hands, china pots and the
rest of it--as a monkey drops nuts from its naked paws.  I cannot
tell you if life is this or that.  I am going to push out into the
heterogeneous crowd.  I am going to be buffeted; to be flung up,
and flung down, among men, like a ship on the sea.

'For now my body, my companion, which is always sending its
signals, the rough black "No", the golden "Come", in rapid running
arrows of sensation, beckons.  Someone moves.  Did I raise my arm?
Did I look?  Did my yellow scarf with the strawberry spots float
and signal?  He has broken from the wall.  He follows.  I am
pursued through the forest.  All is rapt, all is nocturnal, and the
parrots go screaming through the branches.  All my senses stand
erect.  Now I feel the roughness of the fibre of the curtain
through which I push; now I feel the cold iron railing and its
blistered paint beneath my palm.  Now the cool tide of darkness
breaks its waters over me.  We are out of doors.  Night opens;
night traversed by wandering moths; night hiding lovers roaming to
adventure.  I smell roses; I smell violets; I see red and blue just
hidden.  Now gravel is under my shoes; now grass.  Up reel the tall
backs of houses guilty with lights.  All London is uneasy with
flashing lights.  Now let us sing our love song--Come, come, come.
Now my gold signal is like a dragonfly flying taut.  Jug, jug, jug,
I sing like the nightingale whose melody is crowded in the too
narrow passage of her throat.  Now I hear crash and rending of
boughs and the crack of antlers as if the beasts of the forest were
all hunting, all rearing high and plunging down among the thorns.
One has pierced me.  One is driven deep within me.

'And velvet flowers and leaves whose coolness has been stood in
water wash me round, and sheathe me, embalming me.'

'Why, look,' said Neville, 'at the clock ticking on the mantelpiece?
Time passes, yes.  And we grow old.  But to sit with you, alone
with you, here in London, in this firelit room, you there, I here,
is all.  The world ransacked to its uttermost ends, and all its
heights stripped and gathered of their flowers, holds no more.  Look
at the firelight running up and down the gold thread in the curtain.
The fruit it circles droops heavy.  It falls on the toe of your
boot, it gives your face a red rim--I think it is the firelight and
not your face; I think those are books against the wall, and that a
curtain, and that perhaps an armchair.  But when you come everything
changes.  The cups and saucers changed when you came in this
morning.  There can be no doubt, I thought, pushing aside the
newspaper, that our mean lives, unsightly as they are, put on
splendour and have meaning only under the eyes of love.

'I rose.  I had done my breakfast.  There was the whole day before
us, and as it was fine, tender, non-committal, we walked through
the Park to the Embankment, along the Strand to St Paul's, then to
the shop where I bought an umbrella, always talking, and now and
then stopping to look.  But can this last? I said to myself, by a
lion in Trafalgar Square, by the lion seen once and for ever;--so I
revisit my past life, scene by scene; there is an elm tree, and
there lies Percival.  For ever and ever, I swore.  Then darted in
the usual doubt.  I clutched your hand.  You left me.  The descent
into the Tube was like death.  We were cut up, we were dissevered
by all those faces and the hollow wind that seemed to roar down
there over desert boulders.  I sat staring in my own room.  By five
I knew that you were faithless.  I snatched the telephone and the
buzz, buzz, buzz of its stupid voice in your empty room battered my
heart down, when the door opened and there you stood.  That was the
most perfect of our meetings.  But these meetings, these partings,
finally destroy us.

'Now this room seems to me central, something scooped out of the
eternal night.  Outside lines twist and intersect, but round us,
wrapping us about.  Here we are centred.  Here we can be silent, or
speak without raising our voices.  Did you notice that and then
that? we say.  He said that, meaning. . . .  She hesitated, and I
believe suspected.  Anyhow, I heard voices, a sob on the stair late
at night.  It is the end of their relationship.  Thus we spin round
us infinitely fine filaments and construct a system.  Plato and
Shakespeare are included, also quite obscure people, people of no
importance whatsoever.  I hate men who wear crucifixes on the left
side of their waistcoats.  I hate ceremonies and lamentations and
the sad figure of Christ trembling beside another trembling and sad
figure.  Also the pomp and the indifference and the emphasis,
always on the wrong place, of people holding forth under
chandeliers in full evening dress, wearing stars and decorations.
Some spray in a hedge, though, or a sunset over a flat winter
field, or again the way some old woman sits, arms akimbo, in an
omnibus with a basket--those we point at for the other to look at.
It is so vast an alleviation to be able to point for another to
look at.  And then not to talk.  To follow the dark paths of the
mind and enter the past, to visit books, to brush aside their
branches and break off some fruit.  And you take it and marvel, as
I take the careless movements of your body and marvel at its ease,
its power--how you fling open windows and are dexterous with your
hands.  For alas! my mind is a little impeded, it soon tires; I
fall damp, perhaps disgusting, at the goal.

'Alas!  I could not ride about India in a sun helmet and return to
a bungalow.  I cannot tumble, as you do, like half-naked boys on
the deck of a ship, squirting each other with hose-pipes.  I want
this fire, I want this chair.  I want someone to sit beside me
after the day's pursuit and all its anguish, after its listenings,
and its waitings, and its suspicions.  After quarrelling and
reconciliation I need privacy--to be alone with you, to set this
hubbub in order.  For I am as neat as a cat in my habits.  We must
oppose the waste and deformity of the world, its crowds eddying
round and round disgorged and trampling.  One must slip paper-
knives, even, exactly through the pages of novels, and tie up
packets of letters neatly with green silk, and brush up the cinders
with a hearth broom.  Everything must be done to rebuke the horror
of deformity.  Let us read writers of Roman severity and virtue;
let us seek perfection through the sand.  Yes, but I love to slip
the virtue and severity of the noble Romans under the grey light of
your eyes, and dancing grasses and summer breezes and the laughter
and shouts of boys at play--of naked cabin-boys squirting each
other with hosepipes on the decks of ships.  Hence I am not a
disinterested seeker, like Louis, after perfection through the
sand.  Colours always stain the page; clouds pass over it.  And the
poem, I think, is only your voice speaking.  Alcibiades, Ajax,
Hector and Percival are also you.  They loved riding, they risked
their lives wantonly, they were not great readers either.  But you
are not Ajax or Percival.  They did not wrinkle their noses and
scratch their foreheads with your precise gesture.  You are you.
That is what consoles me for the lack of many things--I am ugly, I
am weak--and the depravity of the world, and the flight of youth
and Percival's death, and bitterness and rancour and envies
innumerable.

'But if one day you do not come after breakfast, if one day I see
you in some looking-glass perhaps looking after another, if the
telephone buzzes and buzzes in your empty room, I shall then, after
unspeakable anguish, I shall then--for there is no end to the folly
of the human heart--seek another, find another, you.  Meanwhile,
let us abolish the ticking of time's clock with one blow.  Come
closer.'




The sun had now sunk lower in the sky.  The islands of cloud had
gained in density and drew themselves across the sun so that the
rocks went suddenly black, and the trembling sea holly lost its
blue and turned silver, and shadows were blown like grey cloths
over the sea.  The waves no longer visited the further pools or
reached the dotted black line which lay irregularly upon the beach.
The sand was pearl white, smoothed and shining.  Birds swooped and
circled high up in the air.  Some raced in the furrows of the wind
and turned and sliced through them as if they were one body cut
into a thousand shreds.  Birds fell like a net descending on the
tree-tops.  Here one bird taking its way alone made wing for the
marsh and sat solitary on a white stake, opening its wings and
shutting them.

Some petals had fallen in the garden.  They lay shell-shaped on the
earth.  The dead leaf no longer stood upon its edge, but had been
blown, now running, now pausing, against some stalk.  Through all
the flowers the same wave of light passed in a sudden flaunt and
flash as if a fin cut the green glass of a lake.  Now and again
some level and masterly blast blew the multitudinous leaves up and
down and then, as the wind flagged, each blade regained its
identity.  The flowers, burning their bright discs in the sun,
flung aside the sunlight as the wind tossed them, and then some
heads too heavy to rise again drooped slightly.

The afternoon sun warmed the fields, poured blue into the shadows
and reddened the corn.  A deep varnish was laid like a lacquer over
the fields.  A cart, a horse, a flock of rooks--whatever moved in
it was rolled round in gold.  If a cow moved a leg it stirred
ripples of red gold, and its horns seemed lined with light.  Sprays
of flaxen-haired corn lay on the hedges, brushed from the shaggy
carts that came up from the meadows short legged and primeval
looking.  The round-headed clouds never dwindled as they bowled
along, but kept every atom of their rotundity.  Now, as they
passed, they caught a whole village in the fling of their net and,
passing, let it fly free again.  Far away on the horizon, among the
million grains of blue-grey dust, burnt one pane, or stood the
single line of one steeple or one tree.

The red curtains and the white blinds blew in and out, flapping
against the edge of the window, and the light which entered by
flaps and breadths unequally had in it some brown tinge, and some
abandonment as it blew through the blowing curtains in gusts.  Here
it browned a cabinet, there reddened a chair, here it made the
window waver in the side of the green jar.

All for a moment wavered and bent in uncertainty and ambiguity, as
if a great moth sailing through the room had shadowed the immense
solidity of chairs and tables with floating wings.




'And time,' said Bernard, 'lets fall its drop.  The drop that has
formed on the roof of the soul falls.  On the roof of my mind time,
forming, lets fall its drop.  Last week, as I stood shaving, the
drop fell.  I, standing with my razor in my hand, became suddenly
aware of the merely habitual nature of my action (this is the drop
forming) and congratulated my hands, ironically, for keeping at it.
Shave, shave, shave, I said.  Go on shaving.  The drop fell.  All
through the day's work, at intervals, my mind went to an empty
place, saying, "What is lost?  What is over?"  And "Over and done
with," I muttered, "over and done with," solacing myself with
words.  People noticed the vacuity of my face and the aimlessness
of my conversation.  The last words of my sentence tailed away.
And as I buttoned on my coat to go home I said more dramatically,
"I have lost my youth."

'It is curious how, at every crisis, some phrase which does not fit
insists upon coming to the rescue--the penalty of living in an old
civilization with a notebook.  This drop falling has nothing to do
with losing my youth.  This drop falling is time tapering to a
point.  Time, which is a sunny pasture covered with a dancing
light, time, which is widespread as a field at midday, becomes
pendant.  Time tapers to a point.  As a drop falls from a glass
heavy with some sediment, time falls.  These are the true cycles,
these are the true events.  Then as if all the luminosity of the
atmosphere were withdrawn I see to the bare bottom.  I see what
habit covers.  I lie sluggish in bed for days.  I dine out and gape
like a codfish.  I do not trouble to finish my sentences, and my
actions, usually so uncertain, acquire a mechanical precision.  On
this occasion, passing an office, I went in and bought, with all
the composure of a mechanical figure, a ticket for Rome.

'Now I sit on a stone seat in these gardens surveying the eternal
city, and the little man who was shaving in London five days ago
looks already like a heap of old clothes.  London has also
crumbled.  London consists of fallen factories and a few
gasometers.  At the same time I am not involved in this pageantry.
I see the violet-sashed priests and the picturesque nursemaids; I
notice externals only.  I sit here like a convalescent, like a very
simple man who knows only words of one syllable.  "The sun is hot,"
I say.  "The wind is cold."  I feel myself carried round like an
insect on top of the earth and could swear that, sitting here, I
feel its hardness, its turning movement.  I have no desire to go
the opposite way from the earth.  Could I prolong this sense
another six inches I have a foreboding that I should touch some
queer territory.  But I have a very limited proboscis.  I never
wish to prolong these states of detachment; I dislike them; I also
despise them.  I do not wish to be a man who sits for fifty years
on the same spot thinking of his navel.  I wish to be harnessed to
a cart, a vegetable-cart that rattles over the cobbles.

'The truth is that I am not one of those who find their satisfaction
in one person, or in infinity.  The private room bores me, also
the sky.  My being only glitters when all its facets are exposed
to many people.  Let them fail and I am full of holes, dwindling
like burnt paper.  Oh, Mrs Moffat, Mrs Moffat, I say, come and sweep
it all up.  Things have dropped from me.  I have outlived certain
desires; I have lost friends, some by death--Percival--others
through sheer inability to cross the street.  I am not so gifted as
at one time seemed likely.  Certain things lie beyond my scope.  I
shall never understand the harder problems of philosophy.  Rome is
the limit of my travelling.  As I drop asleep at night it strikes me
sometimes with a pang that I shall never see savages in Tahiti
spearing fish by the light of a blazing cresset, or a lion spring
in the jungle, or a naked man eating raw flesh.  Nor shall I learn
Russian or read the Vedas.  I shall never again walk bang into the
pillar-box.  (But still a few stars fall through my night,
beautifully, from the violence of that concussion.)  But as I think,
truth has come nearer.  For many years I crooned complacently, "My
children . . . my wife . . . my house . . . my dog."  As I let
myself in with the latch-key I would go through that familiar ritual
and wrap myself in those warm coverings.  Now that lovely veil has
fallen.  I do not want possessions now.  (Note: an Italian washer-
woman stands on the same rung of physical refinement as the daughter
of an English duke.)

'But let me consider.  The drop falls; another stage has been
reached.  Stage upon stage.  And why should there be an end of
stages? and where do they lead?  To what conclusion?  For they come
wearing robes of solemnity.  In these dilemmas the devout consult
those violet-sashed and sensual-looking gentry who are trooping
past me.  But for ourselves, we resent teachers.  Let a man get up
and say, "Behold, this is the truth," and instantly I perceive a
sandy cat filching a piece of fish in the background.  Look, you
have forgotten the cat, I say.  So Neville, at school, in the dim
chapel, raged at the sight of the doctor's crucifix.  I, who am
always distracted, whether by a cat or by a bee buzzing round the
bouquet that Lady Hampden keeps so diligently pressed to her nose,
at once make up a story and so obliterate the angles of the
crucifix.  I have made up thousands of stories; I have filled
innumerable notebooks with phrases to be used when I have found the
true story, the one story to which all these phrases refer.  But I
have never yet found that story.  And I begin to ask, Are there
stories?

'Look now from this terrace at the swarming population beneath.
Look at the general activity and clamour.  That man is in
difficulties with his mule.  Half a dozen good-natured loafers
offer their services.  Others pass by without looking.  They have
as many interests as there are threads in a skein.  Look at the
sweep of the sky, bowled over by round white clouds.  Imagine the
leagues of level land and the aqueducts and the broken Roman
pavement and the tombstones in the Campagna, and beyond the
Campagna, the sea, then again more land, then the sea.  I could
break off any detail in all that prospect--say the mule-cart--
and describe it with the greatest ease.  But why describe a man
in trouble with his mule?  Again, I could invent stories about
that girl coming up the steps.  "She met him under the dark
archway. . . .  'It is over,' he said, turning from the cage
where the china parrot hangs."  Or simply, "That was all."  But
why impose my arbitrary design?  Why stress this and shape that
and twist up little figures like the toys men sell in trays in
the street?  Why select this, out of all that--one detail?

'Here am I shedding one of my life-skins, and all they will say is,
"Bernard is spending ten days in Rome."  Here am I marching up and
down this terrace alone, unoriented.  But observe how dots and
dashes are beginning, as I walk, to run themselves into continuous
lines, how things are losing the bald, the separate identity that
they had as I walked up those steps.  The great red pot is now a
reddish streak in a wave of yellowish green.  The world is
beginning to move past me like the banks of a hedge when the train
starts, like the waves of the sea when a steamer moves.  I am
moving too, am becoming involved in the general sequence when one
thing follows another and it seems inevitable that the tree should
come, then the telegraph-pole, then the break in the hedge.  And as
I move, surrounded, included and taking part, the usual phrases
begin to bubble up, and I wish to free these bubbles from the trap-
door in my head, and direct my steps therefore towards that man,
the back of whose head is half familiar to me.  We were together at
school.  We shall undoubtedly meet.  We shall certainly lunch
together.  We shall talk.  But wait, one moment wait.

'These moments of escape are not to be despised.  They come too
seldom.  Tahiti becomes possible.  Leaning over this parapet I see
far out a waste of water.  A fin turns.  This bare visual
impression is unattached to any line of reason, it springs up as
one might see the fin of a porpoise on the horizon.  Visual
impressions often communicate thus briefly statements that we shall
in time to come uncover and coax into words.  I note under F.,
therefore, "Fin in a waste of waters."  I, who am perpetually
making notes in the margin of my mind for some final statement,
make this mark, waiting for some winter's evening.

'Now I shall go and lunch somewhere, I shall hold my glass up, I
shall look through the wine, I shall observe with more than my
usual detachment, and when a pretty woman enters the restaurant and
comes down the room between the tables I shall say to myself, "Look
where she comes against a waste of waters."  A meaningless
observation, but to me, solemn, slate-coloured, with a fatal sound
of ruining worlds and waters falling to destruction.

'So, Bernard (I recall you, you the usual partner in my
enterprises), let us begin this new chapter, and observe the
formation of this new, this unknown, strange, altogether
unidentified and terrifying experience--the new drop--which is
about to shape itself.  Larpent is that man's name.'

'In this hot afternoon,' said Susan, 'here in this garden, here in
this field where I walk with my son, I have reached the summit of
my desires.  The hinge of the gate is rusty; he heaves it open.
The violent passions of childhood, my tears in the garden when
Jinny kissed Louis, my rage in the schoolroom, which smelt of pine,
my loneliness in foreign places, when the mules came clattering in
on their pointed hoofs and the Italian women chattered at the
fountain, shawled, with carnations twisted in their hair, are
rewarded by security, possession, familiarity.  I have had
peaceful, productive years.  I possess all I see.  I have grown
trees from the seed.  I have made ponds in which goldfish hide
under the broad-leaved lilies.  I have netted over strawberry beds
and lettuce beds, and stitched the pears and the plums into white
bags to keep them safe from the wasps.  I have seen my sons and
daughters, once netted over like fruit in their cots, break the
meshes and walk with me, taller than I am, casting shadows on the
grass.

'I am fenced in, planted here like one of my own trees.  I say, "My
son," I say, "My daughter," and even the ironmonger looking up from
his counter strewn with nails, paint and wire-fencing respects the
shabby car at the door with its butterfly nets, pads and bee-hives.
We hang mistletoe over the clock at Christmas, weigh our
blackberries and mushrooms, count out jam-pots, and stand year by
year to be measured against the shutter in the drawing-room window.
I also make wreaths of white flowers, twisting silver-leaved plants
among them for the dead, attaching my card with sorrow for the dead
shepherd, with sympathy for the wife of the dead carter; and sit by
the beds of dying women, who murmur their last terrors, who clutch
my hand; frequenting rooms intolerable except to one born as I was
and early acquainted with the farmyard and the dung-heap and the
hens straying in and out, and the mother with two rooms and growing
children.  I have seen the windows run with heat, I have smelt the
sink.

'I ask now, standing with my scissors among my flowers, Where can
the shadow enter?  What shock can loosen my laboriously gathered,
relentlessly pressed down life?  Yet sometimes I am sick of natural
happiness, and fruit growing, and children scattering the house
with oars, guns, skulls, books won for prizes and other trophies.
I am sick of the body, I am sick of my own craft, industry and
cunning, of the unscrupulous ways of the mother who protects, who
collects under her jealous eyes at one long table her own children,
always her own.

'It is when spring comes, cold showery, with sudden yellow flowers--
then as I look at the meat under the blue shade and press the
heavy silver bags of tea, of sultanas, I remember how the sun rose,
and the swallows skimmed the grass, and phrases that Bernard made
when we were children, and the leaves shook over us, many-folded,
very light, breaking the blue of the sky, scattering wandering
lights upon the skeleton roots of the beech trees where I sat,
sobbing.  The pigeon rose.  I jumped up and ran after the words
that trailed like the dangling string from an air ball, up and up,
from branch to branch escaping.  Then like a cracked bowl the
fixity of my morning broke, and putting down the bags of flour I
thought, Life stands round me like a glass round the imprisoned
reed.

'I hold some scissors and snip off the hollyhocks, who went to
Elvedon and trod on rotten oak-apples, and saw the lady writing and
the gardeners with their great brooms.  We ran back panting lest we
should be shot and nailed like stoats to the wall.  Now I measure,
I preserve.  At night I sit in the arm-chair and stretch my arm for
my sewing; and hear my husband snore; and look up when the light
from a passing car dazzles the windows and feel the waves of my
life tossed, broken, round me who am rooted; and hear cries, and
see other's lives eddying like straws round the piers of a bridge
while I push my needle in and out and draw my thread through the
calico.

'I think sometimes of Percival who loved me.  He rode and fell in
India.  I think sometimes of Rhoda.  Uneasy cries wake me at dead
of night.  But for the most part I walk content with my sons.  I
cut the dead petals from hollyhocks.  Rather squat, grey before my
time, but with clear eyes, pear-shaped eyes, I pace my fields.'

'Here I stand,' said Jinny, 'in the Tube station where everything
that is desirable meets--Piccadilly South Side, Piccadilly North
Side, Regent Street and the Haymarket.  I stand for a moment under
the pavement in the heart of London.  Innumerable wheels rush and
feet press just over my head.  The great avenues of civilization
meet here and strike this way and that.  I am in the heart of life.
But look--there is my body in that looking glass.  How solitary,
how shrunk, how aged!  I am no longer young.  I am no longer part
of the procession.  Millions descend those stairs in a terrible
descent.  Great wheels churn inexorably urging them downwards.
Millions have died.  Percival died.  I still move.  I still live.
But who will come if I signal?

'Little animal that I am, sucking my flanks in and out with fear, I
stand here, palpitating, trembling.  But I will not be afraid.  I
will bring the whip down on my flanks.  I am not a whimpering
little animal making for the shadow.  It was only for a moment,
catching sight of myself before I had time to prepare myself as I
always prepare myself for the sight of myself, that I quailed.  It
is true; I am not young--I shall soon raise my arm in vain and my
scarf will fall to my side without having signalled.  I shall not
hear the sudden sigh in the night and feel through the dark someone
coming.  There will be no reflections in window-panes in dark
tunnels.  I shall look into faces, and I shall see them seek some
other face.  I admit for one moment the soundless flight of upright
bodies down the moving stairs like the pinioned and terrible
descent of some army of the dead downwards and the churning of the
great engines remorselessly forwarding us, all of us, onwards, made
me cower and run for shelter.

'But now I swear, making deliberately in front of the glass those
slight preparations that equip me, I will not be afraid.  Think of
the superb omnibuses, red and yellow, stopping and starting,
punctually in order.  Think of the powerful and beautiful cars that
now slow to a foot's pace and now shoot forward; think of men,
think of women, equipped, prepared, driving onward.  This is the
triumphant procession; this is the army of victory with banners and
brass eagles and heads crowned with laurel-leaves won in battle.
They are better than savages in loin-cloths, and women whose hair
is dank, whose long breasts sag, with children tugging at their
long breasts.  These broad thoroughfares--Piccadilly South,
Piccadilly North, Regent Street and the Haymarket--are sanded paths
of victory driven through the jungle.  I too, with my little
patent-leather shoes, my handkerchief that is but a film of gauze,
my reddened lips and my finely pencilled eyebrows, march to victory
with the band.

'Look how they show off clothes here even under ground in a
perpetual radiance.  They will not let the earth even lie wormy and
sodden.  There are gauzes and silks illumined in glass cases and
underclothes trimmed with a million close stitches of fine
embroidery.  Crimson, green, violet, they are dyed all colours.
Think how they organize, roll out, smooth, dip in dyes, and drive
tunnels blasting the rock.  Lifts rise and fall; trains stop, trams
start as regularly as the waves of the sea.  This is what has my
adhesion.  I am a native of this world, I follow its banners.  How
could I run for shelter when they are so magnificently adventurous,
daring, curious, too, and strong enough in the midst of effort to
pause and scrawl with a free hand a joke upon the wall?  Therefore
I will powder my face and redden my lips.  I will make the angle of
my eyebrows sharper than usual.  I will rise to the surface,
standing erect with the others in Piccadilly Circus.  I will sign
with a sharp gesture to a cab whose driver will signify by some
indescribable alacrity his understanding of my signals.  For I
still excite eagerness.  I still feel the bowing of men in the
street like the silent stoop of the corn when the light wind blows,
ruffling it red.

'I will drive to my own house.  I will fill the vases with lavish,
with luxurious, with extravagant flowers nodding in great bunches.
I will place one chair there, another here.  I will put ready
cigarettes, glasses and some gaily covered new unread book in case
Bernard comes, or Neville or Louis.  But perhaps it will not be
Bernard, Neville or Louis, but somebody new, somebody unknown,
somebody I passed on a staircase and, just turning as we passed, I
murmured, "Come."  He will come this afternoon; somebody I do not
know, somebody new.  Let the silent army of the dead descend.  I
march forward.'

'I no longer need a room now,' said Neville, 'or walls and
firelight.  I am no longer young.  I pass Jinny's house without
envy, and smile at the young man who arranges his tie a little
nervously on the door-step.  Let the dapper young man ring the
bell; let him find her.  I shall find her if I want her; if not, I
pass on.  The old corrosion has lost its bite--envy, intrigue and
bitterness have been washed out.  We have lost our glory too.  When
we were young we sat anywhere, on bare benches in draughty halls
with the doors always banging.  We tumbled about half naked like
boys on the deck of a ship squirting each other with hose-pipes.
Now I could swear that I like people pouring profusely out of the
Tube when the day's work is done, unanimous, indiscriminate,
uncounted.  I have picked my own fruit.  I look dispassionately.

'After all, we are not responsible.  We are not judges.  We are not
called upon to torture our fellows with thumb-screws and irons; we
are not called upon to mount pulpits and lecture them on pale
Sunday afternoons.  It is better to look at a rose, or to read
Shakespeare as I read him here in Shaftesbury Avenue.  Here's the
fool, here's the villain, here in a car comes Cleopatra, burning on
her barge.  Here are figures of the damned too, noseless men by the
police-court wall, standing with their feet in fire, howling.  This
is poetry if we do not write it.  They act their parts infallibly,
and almost before they open their lips I know what they are going
to say, and wait the divine moment when they speak the word that
must have been written.  If it were only for the sake of the play,
I could walk Shaftesbury Avenue for ever.

'Then coming from the street, entering some room, there are people
talking, or hardly troubling to talk.  He says, she says, somebody
else says things have been said so often that one word is now
enough to lift a whole weight.  Argument, laughter, old grievances--
they fall through the air, thickening it.  I take a book and read
half a page of anything.  They have not mended the spout of the
teapot yet.  The child dances, dressed in her mother's clothes.

'But then Rhoda, or it may be Louis, some fasting and anguished
spirit, passes through and out again.  They want a plot, do they?
They want a reason?  It is not enough for them, this ordinary
scene.  It is not enough to wait for the thing to be said as if it
were written; to see the sentence lay its dab of clay precisely on
the right place, making character; to perceive, suddenly, some
group in outline against the sky.  Yet if they want violence, I
have seen death and murder and suicide all in one room.  One comes
in, one goes out.  There are sobs on the staircase.  I have heard
threads broken and knots tied and the quiet stitching of white
cambric going on and on on the knees of a woman.  Why ask, like
Louis, for a reason, or fly like Rhoda to some far grove and part
the leaves of the laurels and look for statues?  They say that one
must beat one's wings against the storm in the belief that beyond
this welter the sun shines; the sun falls sheer into pools that are
fledged with willows.  (Here it is November; the poor hold out
matchboxes in wind-bitten fingers.)  They say truth is to be found
there entire, and virtue, that shuffles along here, down blind
alleys, is to be had there perfect.  Rhoda flies with her neck
outstretched and blind fanatic eyes, past us.  Louis, now so
opulent, goes to his attic window among the blistered roofs and
gazes where she has vanished, but must sit down in his office among
the typewriters and the telephone and work it all out for our
instruction, for our regeneration, and the reform of an unborn
world.

'But now in this room, which I enter without knocking, things are
said as if they had been written.  I go to the bookcase.  If I
choose, I read half a page of anything.  I need not speak.  But I
listen.  I am marvellously on the alert.  Certainly, one cannot
read this poem without effort.  The page is often corrupt and mud-
stained, and torn and stuck together with faded leaves, with scraps
of verbena or geranium.  To read this poem one must have myriad
eyes, like one of those lamps that turn on slabs of racing water at
midnight in the Atlantic, when perhaps only a spray of seaweed
pricks the surface, or suddenly the waves gape and up shoulders a
monster.  One must put aside antipathies and jealousies and not
interrupt.  One must have patience and infinite care and let the
light sound, whether of spiders' delicate feet on a leaf or the
chuckle of water in some irrelevant drain-pipe, unfold too.
Nothing is to be rejected in fear or horror.  The poet who has
written this page (what I read with people talking) has withdrawn.
There are no commas or semi-colons.  The lines do not run in
convenient lengths.  Much is sheer nonsense.  One must be
sceptical, but throw caution to the winds and when the door opens
accept absolutely.  Also sometimes weep; also cut away ruthlessly
with a slice of the blade soot, bark, hard accretions of all sorts.
And so (while they talk) let down one's net deeper and deeper and
gently draw in and bring to the surface what he said and she said
and make poetry.

'Now I have listened to them talking.  They have gone now.  I am
alone.  I could be content to watch the fire burn for ever, like a
dome, like a furnace; now some spike of wood takes the look of a
scaffold, or pit, or happy valley; now it is a serpent curled
crimson with white scales.  The fruit on the curtain swells beneath
the parrot's beak.  Cheep, cheep, creaks the fire, like the cheep
of insects in the middle of a forest.  Cheep, cheep, it clicks
while out there the branches thrash the air, and now, like a volley
of shot, a tree falls.  These are the sounds of a London night.
Then I hear the one sound I wait for.  Up and up it comes,
approaches, hesitates, stops at my door.  I cry, "Come in.  Sit by
me.  Sit on the edge of the chair."  Swept away by the old
hallucination, I cry, "Come closer, closer".'

'I come back from the office,' said Louis.  'I hang my coat here,
place my stick there--I like to fancy that Richelieu walked with
such a cane.  Thus I divest myself of my authority.  I have been
sitting at the right hand of a director at a varnished table.  The
maps of our successful undertakings confront us on the wall.  We
have laced the world together with our ships.  The globe is strung
with our lines.  I am immensely respectable.  All the young ladies
in the office acknowledge my entrance.  I can dine where I like
now, and without vanity may suppose that I shall soon acquire a
house in Surrey, two cars, a conservatory and some rare species of
melon.  But I still return, I still come back to my attic, hang up
my hat and resume in solitude that curious attempt which I have
made since I brought down my fist on my master's grained oak door.
I open a little book.  I read one poem.  One poem is enough.


     O western wind . . .


O western wind, you are at enmity with my mahogany table and spats,
and also, alas, with the vulgarity of my mistress, the little
actress, who has never been able to speak English correctly--


     O western wind, when wilt thou blow . . .


Rhoda, with her intense abstraction, with her unseeing eyes the
colour of snail's flesh, does not destroy you, western wind,
whether she comes at midnight when the stars blaze or at the most
prosaic hour of midday.  She stands at the window and looks at the
chimney-pots and the broken windows in the houses of poor people--


     O western wind, when wilt thou blow . . .


'My task, my burden, has always been greater than other people's.
A pyramid has been set on my shoulders.  I have tried to do a
colossal labour.  I have driven a violent, an unruly, a vicious
team.  With my Australian accent I have sat in eating-shops and
tried to make the clerks accept me, yet never forgotten my solemn
and severe convictions and the discrepancies and incoherences that
must be resolved.  As a boy I dreamt of the Nile, was reluctant to
awake, yet brought down my fist on the grained oak door.  It would
have been happier to have been born without a destiny, like Susan,
like Percival, whom I most admire.


     O western wind, when wilt thou blow.
     That the small rain down can rain?


'Life has been a terrible affair for me.  I am like some vast
sucker, some glutinous, some adhesive, some insatiable mouth.  I
have tried to draw from the living flesh the stone lodged at the
centre.  I have known little natural happiness, thought I chose my
mistress in order that, with her cockney accent, she might make me
feel at my ease.  But she only tumbled the floor with dirty under-
linen, and the charwoman and the shop-boys called after me a dozen
times a day, mocking my prim and supercilious gait.


     O western wind, when wilt thou blow,
     That the small rain down can rain?


'What has my destiny been, the sharp-pointed pyramid that has
pressed on my ribs all these years?  That I remember the Nile and
the women carrying pitchers on their heads; that I feel myself
woven in and out of the long summers and winters that have made the
corn flow and have frozen the streams.  I am not a single and
passing being.  My life is not a moment's bright spark like that on
the surface of a diamond.  I go beneath ground tortuously, as if a
warder carried a lamp from cell to cell.  My destiny has been that
I remember and must weave together, must plait into one cable the
many threads, the thin, the thick, the broken, the enduring of our
long history, of our tumultuous and varied day.  There is always
more to be understood; a discord to be listened for; a falsity to
be reprimanded.  Broken and soot-stained are these roofs with their
chimney cowls, their loose slates, their slinking cats and attic
windows.  I pick my way over broken glass, among blistered tiles,
and see only vile and famished faces.

'Let us suppose that I make reason of it all--one poem on a page,
and then die.  I can assure you it will not be unwillingly.
Percival died.  Rhoda left me.  But I shall live to be gaunt and
sere, to tap my way, much respected, with my gold-headed cane along
the pavements of the city.  Perhaps I shall never die, shall never
attain even that continuity and permanence--


     O western wind, when wilt thou blow,
     That the small rain down can rain?


'Percival was flowering with green leaves and was laid in the earth
with all his branches still sighing in the summer wind.  Rhoda,
with whom I shared silence when the others spoke, she who hung back
and turned aside when the herd assembled and galloped with orderly,
sleek backs over the rich pastures, has gone now like the desert
heat.  When the sun blisters the roofs of the city I think of her;
when the dry leaves patter to the ground; when the old men come
with pointed sticks and pierce little bits of paper as we pierced
her--


     O western wind, when wilt thou blow,
     That the small rain down can rain?
     Christ, that my love were in my arms,
     And I in my bed again!


I return now to my book; I return now to my attempt.'

'Oh, life, how I have dreaded you,' said Rhoda, 'oh, human beings,
how I have hated you!  How you have nudged, how you have
interrupted, how hideous you have looked in Oxford Street, how
squalid sitting opposite each other staring in the Tube!  Now as I
climb this mountain, from the top of which I shall see Africa, my
mind is printed with brown-paper parcels and your faces.  I have
been stained by you and corrupted.  You smelt so unpleasant too,
lining up outside doors to buy tickets.  All were dressed in
indeterminate shades of grey and brown, never even a blue feather
pinned to a hat.  None had the courage to be one thing rather than
another.  What dissolution of the soul you demanded in order to get
through one day, what lies, bowings, scrapings, fluency and
servility!  How you chained me to one spot, one hour, one chair,
and sat yourselves down opposite!  How you snatched from me the
white spaces that lie between hour and hour and rolled them into
dirty pellets and tossed them into the waste-paper basket with your
greasy paws.  Yet those were my life.

'But I yielded.  Sneers and yawns were covered with my hand.  I did
not go out into the street and break a bottle in the gutter as a
sign of rage.  Trembling with ardour, I pretended that I was not
surprised.  What you did, I did.  If Susan and Jinny pulled up
their stockings like that, I pulled mine up like that also.  So
terrible was life that I held up shade after shade.  Look at life
through this, look at life through that; let there be rose leaves,
let there be vine leaves--I covered the whole street, Oxford
Street, Piccadilly Circus, with the blaze and ripple of my mind,
with vine leaves and rose leaves.  There were boxes too, standing
in the passage when the school broke up.  I stole secretly to read
the labels and dream of names and faces.  Harrogate, perhaps,
Edinburgh, perhaps, was ruffled with golden glory where some girl
whose name I forget stood on the pavement.  But it was the name
only.  I left Louis; I feared embraces.  With fleeces, with
vestments, I have tried to cover the blue-black blade.  I implored
day to break into night.  I have longed to see the cupboard
dwindle, to feel the bed soften, to float suspended, to perceive
lengthened trees, lengthened faces, a green bank on a moor and two
figures in distress saying good-bye.  I flung words in fans like
those the sower throws over the ploughed fields when the earth is
bare.  I desired always to stretch the night and fill it fuller and
fuller with dreams.

'Then in some Hall I parted the boughs of music and saw the house
we have made; the square stood upon the oblong.  "The house which
contains all," I said, lurching against people's shoulders in an
omnibus after Percival died; yet I went to Greenwich.  Walking on
the embankment, I prayed that I might thunder for ever on the verge
of the world where there is no vegetation, but here and there a
marble pillar.  I threw my bunch into the spreading wave.  I said,
"Consume me, carry me to the furthest limit."  The wave has broken;
the bunch is withered.  I seldom think of Percival now.

'Now I climb this Spanish hill; and I will suppose that this mule-
back is my bed and that I lie dying.  There is only a thin sheet
between me now and the infinite depths.  The lumps in the mattress
soften beneath me.  We stumble up--we stumble on.  My path has been
up and up, towards some solitary tree with a pool beside it on the
very top.  I have sliced the waters of beauty in the evening when
the hills close themselves like birds' wings folded.  I have picked
sometimes a red carnation, and wisps of hay.  I have sunk alone on
the turf and fingered some old bone and thought:  When the wind
stoops to brush this height, may there be nothing found but a pinch
of dust.

'The mule stumbles up and on.  The ridge of the hill rises like
mist, but from the top I shall see Africa.  Now the bed gives under
me.  The sheets spotted with yellow holes let me fall through.  The
good woman with a face like a white horse at the end of the bed
makes a valedictory movement and turns to go.  Who then comes with
me?  Flowers only, the cowbind and the moonlight-coloured May.
Gathering them loosely in a sheaf I made of them a garland and gave
them--Oh, to whom?  We launch out now over the precipice.  Beneath
us lie the lights of the herring fleet.  The cliffs vanish.
Rippling small, rippling grey, innumerable waves spread beneath us.
I touch nothing.  I see nothing.  We may sink and settle on the
waves.  The sea will drum in my ears.  The white petals will be
darkened with sea water.  They will float for a moment and then
sink.  Rolling me over the waves will shoulder me under.
Everything falls in a tremendous shower, dissolving me.

'Yet that tree has bristling branches; that is the hard line of a
cottage roof.  Those bladder shapes painted red and yellow are
faces.  Putting my foot to the ground I step gingerly and press my
hand against the hard door of a Spanish inn.'




The sun was sinking.  The hard stone of the day was cracked and
light poured through its splinters.  Red and gold shot through the
waves, in rapid running arrows, feathered with darkness.
Erratically rays of light flashed and wandered, like signals from
sunken islands, or darts shot through laurel groves by shameless,
laughing boys.  But the waves, as they neared the shore, were
robbed of light, and fell in one long concussion, like a wall
falling, a wall of grey stone, unpierced by any chink of light.

A breeze rose; a shiver ran through the leaves; and thus stirred
they lost their brown density and became grey or white as the tree
shifted its mass, winked and lost its domed uniformity.  The hawk
poised on the topmost branch flicked its eyelids and rose and
sailed and soared far away.  The wild plover cried in the marshes,
evading, circling, and crying further off in loneliness.  The smoke
of trains and chimneys was stretched and torn and became part of
the fleecy canopy that hung over the sea and the fields.

Now the corn was cut.  Now only a brisk stubble was left of all its
flowing and waving.  Slowly a great owl launched itself from the
elm tree and swung and rose, as if on a line that dipped, to the
height of the cedar.  On the hills the slow shadows now broadened,
now shrank, as they passed over.  The pool on the top of the moor
looked blank.  No furry face looked there, or hoof splashed, or hot
muzzle seethed in the water.  A bird, perched on an ash-coloured
twig, sipped a beak full of cold water.  There was no sound of
cropping, and no sound of wheels, but only the sudden roar of the
wind letting its sails fill and brushing the tops of the grasses.
One bone lay rain-pocked and sun-bleached till it shone like a twig
that the sea has polished.  The tree, that had burnt foxy red in
spring and in midsummer bent pliant leaves to the south wind, was
now black as iron, and as bare.

The land was so distant that no shining roof or glittering window
could be any longer seen.  The tremendous weight of the shadowed
earth had engulfed such frail fetters, such snail-shell
encumbrances.  Now there was only the liquid shadow of the cloud,
the buffeting of the rain, a single darting spear of sunshine, or
the sudden bruise of the rainstorm.  Solitary trees marked distant
hills like obelisks.

The evening sun, whose heat had gone out of it and whose burning
spot of intensity had been diffused, made chairs and tables
mellower and inlaid them with lozenges of brown and yellow.  Lined
with shadows their weight seemed more ponderous, as if colour,
tilted, had run to one side.  Here lay knife, fork and glass, but
lengthened, swollen, and made portentous.  Rimmed in a gold circle
the looking-glass held the scene immobile as if everlasting in its
eye.

Meanwhile the shadows lengthened on the beach; the blackness
deepened.  The iron black boot became a pool of deep blue.  The
rocks lost their hardness.  The water that stood round the old boat
was dark as if mussels had been steeped in it.  The foam had turned
livid and left here and there a white gleam of pearl on the misty
sand.




'Hampton Court,' said Bernard.  'Hampton Court.  This is our
meeting-place.  Behold the red chimneys, the square battlements of
Hampton Court.  The tone of my voice as I say "Hampton Court"
proves that I am middle-aged.  Ten years, fifteen years ago, I
should have said "Hampton Court?" with interrogation--what will it
be like?  Will there be lakes, mazes?  Or with anticipation, What
is going to happen to me here?  Whom shall I meet?  Now, Hampton
Court--Hampton Court--the words beat a gong in the space which I
have so laboriously cleared with half a dozen telephone messages
and post cards, give off ring after ring of sound, booming,
sonorous: and pictures rise--summer afternoons, boats, old ladies
holding their skirts up, one urn in winter, some daffodils in
March--these all float to the top of the waters that now lie deep
on every scene.

There at the door by the Inn, our meeting-place, they are already
standing--Susan, Louis, Rhoda, Jinny and Neville.  They have come
together already.  In a moment, when I have joined them, another
arrangement will form, another pattern.  What now runs to waste,
forming scenes profusely, will be checked, stated.  I am reluctant
to suffer that compulsion.  Already at fifty yards distance I feel
the order of my being changed.  The tug of the magnet of their
society tells upon me.  I come nearer.  They do not see me.  Now
Rhoda sees me, but she pretends, with her horror of the shock of
meeting, that I am a stranger.  Now Neville turns.  Suddenly,
raising my hand, saluting Neville I cry, "I too have pressed
flowers between the pages of Shakespeare's sonnets," and am churned
up.  My little boat bobs unsteadily upon the chopped and tossing
waves.  There is no panacea (let me note) against the shock of
meeting.

'It is uncomfortable too, joining ragged edges, raw edges; only
gradually, as we shuffle and trample into the Inn, taking coats and
hats off, does meeting become agreeable.  Now we assemble in the
long, bare dining-room that overlooks some park, some green space
still fantastically lit by the setting sun so that there is a gold
bar between the trees, and sit ourselves down.'

'Now sitting side by side,' said Neville, 'at this narrow table,
now before the first emotion is worn smooth, what do we feel?
Honestly now, openly and directly as befits old friends meeting
with difficulty, what do we feel on meeting?  Sorrow.  The door
will not open; he will not come.  And we are laden.  Being now all
of us middle-aged, loads are on us.  Let us put down our loads.
What have you made of life, we ask, and I?  You, Bernard; you,
Susan; you, Jinny; and Rhoda and Louis?  The lists have been posted
on the doors.  Before we break these rolls, and help ourselves to
fish and salad, I feel in my private pocket and find my
credentials--what I carry to prove my superiority.  I have passed.
I have papers in my private pocket that prove it.  But your eyes,
Susan, full of turnips and cornfields, disturb me.  These papers in
my private pocket--the clamour that proves that I have passed--make
a faint sound like that of a man clapping in an empty field to
scare away rooks.  Now it has died down altogether, under Susan's
stare (the clapping, the reverberation that I have made), and I
hear only the wind sweeping over the ploughed land and some bird
singing--perhaps some intoxicated lark.  Has the waiter heard of
me, or those furtive everlasting couples, now loitering, now
holding back and looking at the trees which are not yet dark enough
to shelter their prostrate bodies?  No; the sound of clapping has
failed.

'What then remains, when I cannot pull out my papers and make you
believe by reading aloud my credentials that I have passed?  What
remains is what Susan brings to light under the acid of her green
eyes, her crystal, pear-shaped eyes.  There is always somebody,
when we come together, and the edges of meeting are still sharp,
who refuses to be submerged; whose identity therefore one wishes to
make crouch beneath one's own.  For me now, it is Susan.  I talk to
impress Susan.  Listen to me, Susan.

'When someone comes in at breakfast, even the embroidered fruit on
my curtain swells so that parrots can peck it; one can break it off
between one's thumb and finger.  The thin, skimmed milk of early
morning turns opal, blue, rose.  At that hour your husband--the man
who slapped his gaiters, pointing with his whip at the barren cow--
grumbles.  You say nothing.  You see nothing.  Custom blinds your
eyes.  At that hour your relationship is mute, null, dun-coloured.
Mine at that hour is warm and various.  There are no repetitions
for me.  Each day is dangerous.  Smooth on the surface, we are all
bone beneath like snakes coiling.  Suppose we read The Times;
suppose we argue.  It is an experience.  Suppose it is winter.  The
snow falling loads down the roof and seals us together in a red
cave.  The pipes have burst.  We stand a yellow tin bath in the
middle of the room.  We rush helter-skelter for basins.  Look
there--it has burst again over the bookcase.  We shout with
laughter at the sight of ruin.  Let solidity be destroyed.  Let us
have no possessions.  Or is it summer?  We may wander to a lake and
watch Chinese geese waddling flat-footed to the water's edge or see
a bone-like city church with young green trembling before it.  (I
choose at random; I choose the obvious.)  Each sight is an
arabesque scrawled suddenly to illustrate some hazard and marvel of
intimacy.  The snow, the burst pipe, the tin bath, the Chinese
goose--these are signs swung high aloft upon which, looking back, I
read the character of each love; how each was different.

'You meanwhile--for I want to diminish your hostility, your green
eyes fixed on mine, and your shabby dress, your rough hands, and
all the other emblems of your maternal splendour--have stuck like a
limpet to the same rock.  Yet it is true, I do not want to hurt
you; only to refresh and furbish up my own belief in myself that
failed at your entry.  Change is no longer possible.  We are
committed.  Before, when we met in a restaurant in London with
Percival, all simmered and shook; we could have been anything.  We
have chosen now, or sometimes it seems the choice was made for us--
a pair of tongs pinched us between the shoulders.  I chose.  I took
the print of life not outwardly, but inwardly upon the raw, the
white, the unprotected fibre.  I am clouded and bruised with the
print of minds and faces and things so subtle that they have smell,
colour, texture, substance, but no name.  I am merely "Neville" to
you, who see the narrow limits of my life and the line it cannot
pass.  But to myself I am immeasurable; a net whose fibres pass
imperceptibly beneath the world.  My net is almost indistinguishable
from that which it surrounds.  It lifts whales--huge leviathans and
white jellies, what is amorphous and wandering; I detect, I
perceive.  Beneath my eyes opens--a book; I see to the bottom; the
heart--I see to the depths.  I know what loves are trembling into
fire; how jealousy shoots its green flashes hither and thither; how
intricately love crosses love; love makes knots; love brutally tears
them apart.  I have been knotted; I have been torn apart.

'But there was another glory once, when we watched for the door to
open, and Percival came; when we flung ourselves unattached on the
edge of a hard bench in a public room.'

'There was the beech wood,' said Susan, 'Elvedon, and the gilt
hands of the clock sparkling among the trees.  The pigeons broke
the leaves.  The changing travelling lights wandered over me.  They
escaped me.  Yet look, Neville, whom I discredit in order to be
myself, at my hand on the table.  Look at the gradations of healthy
colour here on the knuckles, here on the palm.  My body has been
used daily, rightly, like a tool by a good workman, all over.  The
blade is clean, sharp, worn in the centre.  (We battle together
like beasts fighting in a field, like stags making their horns
clash.)  Seen through your pale and yielding flesh, even apples and
bunches of fruit must have a filmed look as if they stood under
glass.  Lying deep in a chair with one person, one person only, but
one person who changes, you see one inch of flesh only; its nerves,
fibres, the sullen or quick flow of blood on it; but nothing
entire.  You do not see a house in a garden; a horse in a field; a
town laid out, as you bend like an old woman straining her eyes
over her darning.  But I have seen life in blocks, substantial,
huge; its battlements and towers, factories and gasometers; a
dwelling-place made from time immemorial after an hereditary
pattern.  These things remain square, prominent, undissolved in my
mind.  I am not sinuous or suave; I sit among you abrading your
softness with my hardness, quenching the silver-grey flickering
moth-wing quiver of words with the green spurt of my clear eyes.

'Now we have clashed our antlers.  This is the necessary prelude;
the salute of old friends.'

'The gold has faded between the trees,' said Rhoda, 'and a slice of
green lies behind them, elongated like the blade of a knife seen in
dreams, or some tapering island on which nobody sets foot.  Now the
cars begin to wink and flicker, coming down the avenue.  Lovers can
draw into the darkness now; the boles of the trees are swollen, are
obscene with lovers.'

'It was different once,' said Bernard.  'Once we could break the
current as we chose.  How many telephone calls, how many post
cards, are now needed to cut this hole through which we come
together, united, at Hampton Court?  How swift life runs from
January to December!  We are all swept on by the torrent of things
grown so familiar that they cast no shade; we make no comparisons;
think scarcely ever of I or of you; and in this unconsciousness
attain the utmost freedom from friction and part the weeds that
grow over the mouths of sunken channels.  We have to leap like
fish, high in the air, in order to catch the train from Waterloo.
And however high we leap we fall back again into the stream.  I
shall never now take ship for the South Sea Islands.  A journey to
Rome is the limit of my travelling.  I have sons and daughters.  I
am wedged into my place in the puzzle.

'But it is only my body--this elderly man here whom you call
Bernard--that is fixed irrevocably--so I desire to believe.  I
think more disinterestedly than I could when I was young and must
dig furiously like a child rummaging in a bran-pie to discover my
self.  "Look, what is this?  And this?  Is this going to be a fine
present?  Is that all?" and so on.  Now I know what the parcels
hold; and do not care much.  I throw my mind out in the air as a
man throws seeds in great fan-flights, falling through the purple
sunset, falling on the pressed and shining ploughland which is
bare.

'A phrase.  An imperfect phrase.  And what are phrases?  They have
left me very little to lay on the table, beside Susan's hand; to
take from my pocket, with Neville's credentials.  I am not an
authority on law, or medicine, or finance.  I am wrapped round with
phrases, like damp straw; I glow, phosphorescent.  And each of you
feels when I speak, "I am lit up.  I am glowing."  The little boys
used to feel "That's a good one, that's a good one", as the phrases
bubbled up from my lips under the elm trees in the playing-fields.
They too bubbled up; they also escaped with my phrases.  But I pine
in solitude.  Solitude is my undoing.

'I pass from house to house like the friars in the Middle Ages who
cozened the wives and girls with beads and ballads.  I am a
traveller, a pedlar, paying for my lodging with a ballad; I am an
indiscriminate, an easily pleased guest; often putting up in the
best room in a four-poster; then lying in a barn on a haystack.  I
don't mind the fleas and find no fault with silk either.  I am very
tolerant.  I am not a moralist.  I have too great a sense of the
shortness of life and its temptations to rule red lines.  Yet I am
not so indiscriminate as you think, judging me--as you judge me--
from my fluency.  I have a little dagger of contempt and severity
hidden up my sleeve.  But I am apt to be deflected.  I make
stories.  I twist up toys out of anything.  A girl sits at a
cottage door; she is waiting; for whom?  Seduced, or not seduced?
The headmaster sees the hole in the carpet.  He sighs.  His wife,
drawing her fingers through the waves of her still abundant hair,
reflects--et cetera.  Waves of hands, hesitations at street
corners, someone dropping a cigarette into the gutter--all are
stories.  But which is the true story?  That I do not know.  Hence
I keep my phrases hung like clothes in a cupboard, waiting for
someone to wear them.  Thus waiting, thus speculating, making this
note and then another, I do not cling to life.  I shall be brushed
like a bee from a sunflower.  My philosophy, always accumulating,
welling up moment by moment, runs like quicksilver a dozen ways at
once.  But Louis, wild-eyed but severe, in his attic, in his
office, has formed unalterable conclusions upon the true nature of
what is to be known.'

'It breaks,' said Louis, 'the thread I try to spin; your laughter
breaks it, your indifference, also your beauty.  Jinny broke the
thread when she kissed me in the garden years ago.  The boasting
boys mocked me at school for my Australian accent and broke it.
"This is the meaning," I say; and then start with a pang--vanity.
"Listen," I say, "to the nightingale, who sings among the trampling
feet; the conquests and migrations.  Believe--" and then am
twitched asunder.  Over broken tiles and splinters of glass I pick
my way.  Different lights fall, making the ordinary leopard spotted
and strange.  This moment of reconciliation, when we meet together
united, this evening moment, with its wine and shaking leaves, and
youth coming up from the river in white flannels, carrying
cushions, is to me black with the shadows of dungeons and the
tortures and infamies practised by man upon man.  So imperfect are
my senses that they never blot out with one purple the serious
charge that my reason adds and adds against us, even as we sit
here.  What is the solution, I ask myself, and the bridge?  How can
I reduce these dazzling, these dancing apparitions to one line
capable of linking all in one?  So I ponder; and you meanwhile
observe maliciously my pursed lips, my sallow cheeks and my
invariable frown.

'But I beg you also to notice my cane and my waistcoat.  I have
inherited a desk of solid mahogany in a room hung with maps.  Our
steamers have won an enviable reputation for their cabins replete
with luxury.  We supply swimming-baths and gymnasiums.  I wear a
white waistcoat now and consult a little book before I make an
engagement.

'This is the arch and ironical manner in which I hope to distract
you from my shivering, my tender, and infinitely young and
unprotected soul.  For I am always the youngest; the most naively
surprised; the one who runs in advance in apprehension and sympathy
with discomfort or ridicule--should there be a smut on a nose, or a
button undone.  I suffer for all humiliations.  Yet I am also
ruthless, marmoreal.  I do not see how you can say that it is
fortunate to have lived.  Your little excitements, your childish
transports, when a kettle boils, when the soft air lifts Jinny's
spotted scarf and it floats web-like, are to me like silk streamers
thrown in the eyes of the charging bull.  I condemn you.  Yet my
heart yearns towards you.  I would go with you through the fires of
death.  Yet am happiest alone.  I luxuriate in gold and purple
vestments.  Yet I prefer a view over chimneypots; cats scraping
their mangy sides upon blistered chimney-stacks; broken windows;
and the hoarse clangour of bells from the steeple of some brick
chapel.'

'I see what is before me,' said Jinny.  'This scarf, these wine-
coloured spots.  This glass.  This mustard pot.  This flower.  I
like what one touches, what one tastes.  I like rain when it has
turned to snow and become palatable.  And being rash, and much more
courageous than you are, I do not temper my beauty with meanness
lest it should scorch me.  I gulp it down entire.  It is made of
flesh; it is made of stuff.  My imagination is the body's.  Its
visions are not fine-spun and white with purity like Louis'.  I do
not like your lean cats and your blistered chimney-pots.  The
scrannel beauties of your roof-tops repel me.  Men and women, in
uniforms, wigs and gowns, bowler hats and tennis shirts beautifully
open at the neck, the infinite variety of women's dresses (I note
all clothes always) delight me.  I eddy with them, in and out, in
and out, into rooms, into halls, here, there, everywhere, wherever
they go.  This man lifts the hoof of a horse.  This man shoves in
and out the drawers of his private collection.  I am never alone.
I am attended by a regiment of my fellows.  My mother must have
followed the drum, my father the sea.  I am like a little dog that
trots down the road after the regimental band, but stops to snuff a
tree-trunk, to sniff some brown stain, and suddenly careers across
the street after some mongrel cur and then holds one paw up while
it sniffs an entrancing whiff of meat from the butcher's shop.  My
traffics have led me into strange places.  Men, how many, have
broken from the wall and come to me.  I have only to hold my hand
up.  Straight as a dart they have come to the place of assignation--
perhaps a chair on a balcony, perhaps a shop at a street corner.
The torments, the divisions of your lives have been solved for me
night after night, sometimes only by the touch of a finger under
the table-cloth as we sat dining--so fluid has my body become,
forming even at the touch of a finger into one full drop, which
fills itself, which quivers, which flashes, which falls in ecstasy.

'I have sat before a looking-glass as you sit writing, adding up
figures at desks.  So, before the looking-glass in the temple of my
bedroom, I have judged my nose and my chin; my lips that open too
wide and show too much gum.  I have looked.  I have noted.  I have
chosen what yellow or white, what shine or dullness, what loop or
straightness suits.  I am volatile for one, rigid for another,
angular as an icicle in silver, or voluptuous as a candle flame in
gold.  I have run violently like a whip flung out to the extreme
end of my tether.  His shirt front, there in the corner, has been
white; then purple; smoke and flame have wrapped us about; after a
furious conflagration--yet we scarcely raised our voices, sitting
on the hearth-rug, as we murmured all the secrets of our hearts as
into shells so that nobody might hear in the sleeping-house, but I
heard the cook stir once, and once we thought the ticking of the
clock was a footfall--we have sunk to ashes, leaving no relics, no
unburnt bones, no wisps of hair to be kept in lockets such as your
intimacies leave behind them.  Now I turn grey; now I turn gaunt;
but I look at my face at midday sitting in front of the looking-
glass in broad daylight, and note precisely my nose, my chin, my
lips that open too wide and show too much gum.  But I am not
afraid.'

'There were lamp-posts,' said Rhoda, 'and trees that had not yet
shed their leaves on the way from the station.  The leaves might
have hidden me still.  But I did not hide behind them.  I walked
straight up to you instead of circling round to avoid the shock of
sensation as I used.  But it is only that I have taught my body to
do a certain trick.  Inwardly I am not taught; I fear, I hate, I
love, I envy and despise you, but I never join you happily.  Coming
up from the station, refusing to accept the shadow of the trees and
the pillar-boxes, I perceived, from your coats and umbrellas, even
at a distance, how you stand embedded in a substance made of
repeated moments run together; are committed, have an attitude,
with children, authority, fame, love, society; where I have
nothing.  I have no face.

'Here in this dining-room you see the antlers and the tumblers; the
salt-cellars; the yellow stains on the tablecloth.  "Waiter!" says
Bernard.  "Bread!" says Susan.  And the waiter comes; he brings
bread.  But I see the side of a cup like a mountain and only parts
of antlers, and the brightness on the side of that jug like a crack
in darkness with wonder and terror.  Your voices sound like trees
creaking in a forest.  So with your faces and their prominences and
hollows.  How beautiful, standing at a distance immobile at
midnight against the railings of some square!  Behind you is a
white crescent of foam, and fishermen on the verge of the world are
drawing in nets and casting them.  A wind ruffles the topmost
leaves of primeval trees.  (Yet here we sit at Hampton Court.)
Parrots shrieking break the intense stillness of the jungle.  (Here
the trams start.)  The swallow dips her wings in midnight pools.
(Here we talk.)  That is the circumference that I try to grasp as
we sit together.  Thus I must undergo the penance of Hampton Court
at seven thirty precisely.

'But since these rolls of bread and wine bottles are needed by me,
and your faces with their hollows and prominences are beautiful,
and the table-cloth and its yellow stain, far from being allowed to
spread in wider and wider circles of understanding that may at last
(so I dream, falling off the edge of the earth at night when my bed
floats suspended) embrace the entire world, I must go through the
antics of the individual.  I must start when you pluck at me with
your children, your poems, your chilblains or whatever it is that
you do and suffer.  But I am not deluded.  After all these callings
hither and thither, these pluckings and searchings, I shall fall
alone through this thin sheet into gulfs of fire.  And you will not
help me.  More cruel than the old torturers, you will let me fall,
and will tear me to pieces when I am fallen.  Yet there are moments
when the walls of the mind grow thin; when nothing is unabsorbed,
and I could fancy that we might blow so vast a bubble that the sun
might set and rise in it and we might take the blue of midday and
the black of midnight and be cast off and escape from here and
now.'

'Drop upon drop,' said Bernard, 'silence falls.  It forms on the
roof of the mind and falls into pools beneath.  For ever alone,
alone, alone,--hear silence fall and sweep its rings to the
farthest edges.  Gorged and replete, solid with middle-aged
content, I, whom loneliness destroys, let silence fall, drop by
drop.

'But now silence falling pits my face, wastes my nose like a
snowman stood out in a yard in the rain.  As silence falls I am
dissolved utterly and become featureless and scarcely to be
distinguished from another.  It does not matter.  What matters?  We
have dined well.  The fish, the veal cutlets, the wine have blunted
the sharp tooth of egotism.  Anxiety is at rest.  The vainest of
us, Louis perhaps, does not care what people think.  Neville's
tortures are at rest.  Let others prosper--that is what he thinks.
Susan hears the breathing of all her children safe asleep.  Sleep,
sleep, she murmurs.  Rhoda has rocked her ships to shore.  Whether
they have foundered, whether they have anchored, she cares no
longer.  We are ready to consider any suggestion that the world may
offer quite impartially.  I reflect now that the earth is only a
pebble flicked off accidentally from the face of the sun and that
there is no life anywhere in the abysses of space.'

'In this silence,' said Susan, 'it seems as if no leaf would ever
fall, or bird fly.'

'As if the miracle had happened,' said Jinny, 'and life were stayed
here and now.'

'And,' said Rhoda, 'we had no more to live.'

'But listen,' said Louis, 'to the world moving through abysses of
infinite space.  It roars; the lighted strip of history is past and
our Kings and Queens; we are gone; our civilization; the Nile; and
all life.  Our separate drops are dissolved; we are extinct, lost
in the abysses of time, in the darkness.'

'Silence falls; silence falls,' said Bernard.  'But now listen;
tick, tick; hoot, hoot; the world has hailed us back to it.  I
heard for one moment the howling winds of darkness as we passed
beyond life.  Then tick, tick (the clock); then hoot, hoot (the
cars).  We are landed; we are on shore; we are sitting, six of us,
at a table.  It is the memory of my nose that recalls me.  I rise;
"Fight," I cry, "fight!" remembering the shape of my own nose, and
strike with this spoon upon this table pugnaciously.'

'Oppose ourselves to this illimitable chaos,' said Neville, 'this
formless imbecility.  Making love to a nursemaid behind a tree,
that soldier is more admirable than all the stars.  Yet sometimes
one trembling star comes in the clear sky and makes me think the
world beautiful and we maggots deforming even the trees with our
lust.'

('Yet, Louis,' said Rhoda, 'how short a time silence lasts.
Already they are beginning to smooth their napkins by the side of
their plates.  "Who comes?" says Jinny; and Neville sighs,
remembering that Percival comes no more.  Jinny has taken out her
looking-glass.  Surveying her face like an artist, she draws a
powder-puff down her nose, and after one moment of deliberation has
given precisely that red to the lips that the lips need.  Susan,
who feels scorn and fear at the sight of these preparations,
fastens the top button of her coat, and unfastens it.  What is she
making ready for?  For something, but something different.'

'They are saying to themselves,' said Louis, '"It is time.  I am
still vigorous," they are saying.  "My face shall be cut against
the black of infinite space."  They do not finish their sentences.
"It is time," they keep saying.  "The gardens will be shut."  And
going with them, Rhoda, swept into their current, we shall perhaps
drop a little behind.'

'Like conspirators who have something to whisper,' said Rhoda.)

'It is true, and I know for a fact,' said Bernard, 'as we walk down
this avenue, that a King, riding, fell over a molehill here.  But
how strange it seems to set against the whirling abysses of
infinite space a little figure with a golden teapot on his head.
Soon one recovers belief in figures: but not at once in what they
put on their heads.  Our English past--one inch of light.  Then
people put teapots on their heads and say, "I am a King!"  No, I
try to recover, as we walk, the sense of time, but with that
streaming darkness in my eyes I have lost my grip.  This Palace
seems light as a cloud set for a moment on the sky.  It is a trick
of the mind--to put Kings on their thrones, one following another,
with crowns on their heads.  And we ourselves, walking six abreast,
what do we oppose, with this random flicker of light in us that we
call brain and feeling, how can we do battle against this flood;
what has permanence?  Our lives too stream away, down the unlighted
avenues, past the strip of time, unidentified.  Once Neville threw
a poem at my head.  Feeling a sudden conviction of immortality, I
said, "I too know what Shakespeare knew."  But that has gone.'

'Unreasonably, ridiculously,' said Neville, 'as we walk, time comes
back.  A dog does it, prancing.  The machine works.  Age makes
hoary that gateway.  Three hundred years now seem no more than a
moment vanished against that dog.  King William mounts his horse
wearing a wig, and the court ladies sweep the turf with their
embroidered panniers.  I am beginning to be convinced, as we walk,
that the fate of Europe is of immense importance, and, ridiculous
as it still seems, that all depends upon the battle of Blenheim.
Yes; I declare, as we pass through this gateway, it is the present
moment; I am become a subject of King George.'

'While we advance down this avenue,' said Louis, 'I leaning
slightly upon Jinny, Bernard arm-in-arm with Neville, and Susan
with her hand in mine, it is difficult not to weep, calling
ourselves little children, praying that God may keep us safe while
we sleep.  It is sweet to sing together, clasping hands, afraid of
the dark, while Miss Curry plays the harmonium.'

'The iron gates have rolled back,' said Jinny.  'Time's fangs have
ceased their devouring.  We have triumphed over the abysses of
space, with rouge, with powder, with flimsy pocket-handkerchiefs.'

'I grasp, I hold fast,' said Susan.  'I hold firmly to this hand,
anyone's, with love, with hatred; it does not matter which.'

'The still mood, the disembodied mood is on us,' said Rhoda, 'and
we enjoy this momentary alleviation (it is not often that one has
no anxiety) when the walls of the mind become transparent.  Wren's
palace, like the quartet played to the dry and stranded people in
the stalls, makes an oblong.  A square is stood upon the oblong and
we say, "This is our dwelling-place.  The structure is now visible.
Very little is left outside."'

'The flower,' said Bernard, 'the red carnation that stood in the
vase on the table of the restaurant when we dined together with
Percival, is become a six-sided flower; made of six lives.'

'A mysterious illumination,' said Louis, 'visible against those yew
trees.'

'Built up with much pain, many strokes,' said Jinny.

'Marriage, death, travel, friendship,' said Bernard; 'town and
country; children and all that; a many-sided substance cut out of
this dark; a many-faceted flower.  Let us stop for a moment; let us
behold what we have made.  Let it blaze against the yew trees.  One
life.  There.  It is over.  Gone out.'

'Now they vanish,' said Louis.  'Susan with Bernard.  Neville with
Jinny.  You and I, Rhoda, stop for a moment by this stone urn.
What song shall we hear now that these couples have sought the
groves, and Jinny, pointing with her gloved hand, pretends to
notice the water-lilies, and Susan, who has always loved Bernard,
says to him, "My ruined life, my wasted life."  And Neville, taking
Jinny's little hand, with the cherry-coloured finger-nails, by the
lake, by the moonlit water, cries, "Love, love," and she answers,
imitating the bird, "Love, love?"  What song do we hear?'

'They vanish, towards the lake,' said Rhoda.  'They slink away over
the grass furtively, yet with assurance as if they asked of our
pity their ancient privilege--not to be disturbed.  The tide in the
soul, tipped, flows that way; they cannot help deserting us.  The
dark has closed over their bodies.  What song do we hear--the
owl's, the nightingale's, the wren's?  The steamer hoots; the light
on the electric rails flashes; the trees gravely bow and bend.  The
flare hangs over London.  Here is an old woman, quietly returning,
and a man, a late fisherman, comes down the terrace with his rod.
Not a sound, not a movement must escape us.'

'A bird flies homeward,' said Louis.  'Evening opens her eyes and
gives one quick glance among the bushes before she sleeps.  How
shall we put it together, the confused and composite message that
they send back to us, and not they only, but many dead, boys and
girls, grown men and women, who have wandered here, under one king
or another?'

'A weight has dropped into the night,' said Rhoda, 'dragging it
down.  Every tree is big with a shadow that is not the shadow of
the tree behind it.  We hear a drumming on the roofs of a fasting
city when the Turks are hungry and uncertain tempered.  We hear
them crying with sharp, stag-like barks, "Open, open."  Listen to
the trams squealing and to the flashes from the electric rails.  We
hear the beech trees and the birch trees raise their branches as if
the bride had let her silken nightdress fall and come to the
doorway saying "Open, open".'

'All seems alive,' said Louis.  'I cannot hear death anywhere
tonight.  Stupidity, on that man's face, age, on that woman's,
would be strong enough, one would think, to resist the incantation,
and bring in death.  But where is death tonight?  All the crudity,
odds and ends, this and that, have been crushed like glass
splinters into the blue, the red-fringed tide, which, drawing into
the shore, fertile with innumerable fish, breaks at our feet.'

'If we could mount together, if we could perceive from a sufficient
height,' said Rhoda, 'if we could remain untouched without any
support--but you, disturbed by faint clapping sounds of praise and
laughter, and I, resenting compromise and right and wrong on human
lips, trust only in solitude and the violence of death and thus are
divided.'

'For ever,' said Louis, 'divided.  We have sacrificed the embrace
among the ferns, and love, love, love by the lake, standing, like
conspirators who have drawn apart to share some secret, by the urn.
But now look, as we stand here, a ripple breaks on the horizon.
The net is raised higher and higher.  It comes to the top of the
water.  The water is broken by silver, by quivering little fish.
Now leaping, now lashing, they are laid on shore.  Life tumbles its
catch upon the grass.  There are figures coming towards us.  Are
they men or are they women?  They still wear the ambiguous
draperies of the flowing tide in which they have been immersed.'

'Now,' said Rhoda, 'as they pass that tree, they regain their
natural size.  They are only men, only women.  Wonder and awe
change as they put off the draperies of the flowing tide.  Pity
returns, as they emerge into the moonlight, like the relics of an
army, our representatives, going every night (here or in Greece) to
battle, and coming back every night with their wounds, their
ravaged faces.  Now light falls on them again.  They have faces.
They become Susan and Bernard, Jinny and Neville, people we know.
Now what a shrinkage takes place!  Now what a shrivelling, what an
humiliation!  The old shivers run through me, hatred and terror, as
I feel myself grappled to one spot by these hooks they cast on us;
these greetings, recognitions, pluckings of the finger and
searchings of the eyes.  Yet they have only to speak, and their
first words, with the remembered tone and the perpetual deviation
from what one expects, and their hands moving and making a thousand
past days rise again in the darkness, shake my purpose.'

'Something flickers and dances,' said Louis.  'Illusion returns as
they approach down the avenue.  Rippling and questioning begin.
What do I think of you--what do you think of me?  Who are you?  Who
am I?--that quivers again its uneasy air over us, and the pulse
quickens and the eye brightens and all the insanity of personal
existence without which life would fall flat and die, begins again.
They are on us.  The southern sun flickers over this urn; we push
off in to the tide of the violent and cruel sea.  Lord help us to
act our parts as we greet them returning--Susan and Bernard,
Neville and Jinny.'

'We have destroyed something by our presence,' said Bernard, 'a
world perhaps.'

'Yet we scarcely breathe,' said Neville, 'spent as we are.  We are
in that passive and exhausted frame of mind when we only wish to
rejoin the body of our mother from whom we have been severed.  All
else is distasteful, forced and fatiguing.  Jinny's yellow scarf is
moth-coloured in this light; Susan's eyes are quenched.  We are
scarcely to be distinguished from the river.  One cigarette end is
the only point of emphasis among us.  And sadness tinges our
content, that we should have left you, torn the fabric; yielded to
the desire to press out, alone, some bitterer, some blacker juice,
which was sweet too.  But now we are worn out.'

'After our fire,' said Jinny, 'there is nothing left to put in
lockets.'

'Still I gape,' said Susan, 'like a young bird, unsatisfied, for
something that has escaped me.'

'Let us stay for a moment,' said Bernard, 'before we go.  Let us
pace the terrace by the river almost alone.  It is nearly bed-time.
People have gone home.  Now how comforting it is to watch the
lights coming out in the bedrooms of small shopkeepers on the other
side of the river.  There is one--there is another.  What do you
think their takings have been today?  Only just enough to pay for
the rent, for light and food and the children's clothing.  But just
enough.  What a sense of the tolerableness of life the lights in
the bedrooms of small shopkeepers give us!  Saturday comes, and
there is just enough to pay perhaps for seats at the Pictures.
Perhaps before they put out the light they go into the little
garden and look at the giant rabbit couched in its wooden hut.
That is the rabbit they will have for Sunday dinner.  Then they put
out the light.  Then they sleep.  And for thousands of people sleep
is nothing but warmth and silence and one moment's sport with some
fantastic dream.  "I have posted my letter," the greengrocer
thinks, "to the Sunday newspaper.  Suppose I win five hundred
pounds in the football competition?  And we shall kill the rabbit.
Life is pleasant.  Life is good.  I have posted the letter.  We
shall kill the rabbit."  And he sleeps.

'That goes on.  Listen.  There is a sound like the knocking of
railway trucks in a siding.  That is the happy concatenation of one
event following another in our lives.  Knock, knock, knock.  Must,
must, must.  Must go, must sleep, must wake, must get up--sober,
merciful word which we pretend to revile, which we press tight to
our hearts, without which we should be undone.  How we worship that
sound like the knocking together of trucks in a siding!

'Now far off down the river I hear the chorus; the song of the
boasting boys, who are coming back in large charabancs from a day's
outing on the decks of crowded steamers.  Still they are singing as
they used to sing, across the court, on winters' nights, or with
the windows open in summer, getting drunk, breaking the furniture,
wearing little striped caps, all turning their heads the same way
as the brake rounded the corner; and I wished to be with them.

'What with the chorus, and the spinning water and the just
perceptible murmur of the breeze we are slipping away.  Little bits
of ourselves are crumbling.  There!  Something very important fell
then.  I cannot keep myself together.  I shall sleep.  But we must
go; must catch our train; must walk back to the station--must,
must, must.  We are only bodies jogging along side by side.  I
exist only in the soles of my feet and in the tired muscles of my
thighs.  We have been walking for hours it seems.  But where?  I
cannot remember.  I am like a log slipping smoothly over some
waterfall.  I am not a judge.  I am not called upon to give my
opinion.  Houses and trees are all the same in this grey light.  Is
that a post?  Is that a woman walking?  Here is the station, and if
the train were to cut me in two, I should come together on the
further side, being one, being indivisible.  But what is odd is
that I still clasp the return half of my ticket to Waterloo firmly
between the fingers of my right hand, even now, even sleeping.'




Now the sun had sunk.  Sky and sea were indistinguishable.  The
waves breaking spread their white fans far out over the shore, sent
white shadows into the recesses of sonorous caves and then rolled
back sighing over the shingle.

The tree shook its branches and a scattering of leaves fell to the
ground.  There they settled with perfect composure on the precise
spot where they would await dissolution.  Black and grey were shot
into the garden from the broken vessel that had once held red
light.  Dark shadows blackened the tunnels between the stalks.  The
thrush was silent and the worm sucked itself back into its narrow
hole.  Now and again a whitened and hollow straw was blown from an
old nest and fell into the dark grasses among the rotten apples.
The light had faded from the tool-house wall and the adder's skin
hung from the nail empty.  All the colours in the room had
overflown their banks.  The precise brush stroke was swollen and
lop-sided; cupboards and chairs melted their brown masses into one
huge obscurity.  The height from floor to ceiling was hung with
vast curtains of shaking darkness.  The looking-glass was pale as
the mouth of a cave shadowed by hanging creepers.

The substance had gone from the solidity of the hills.  Travelling
lights drove a plumy wedge among unseen and sunken roads, but no
lights opened among the folded wings of the hills, and there was no
sound save the cry of a bird seeking some lonelier tree.  At the
cliff's edge there was an equal murmur of air that had been brushed
through forests, of water that had been cooled in a thousand glassy
hollows of mid-ocean.

As if there were waves of darkness in the air, darkness moved on,
covering houses, hills, trees, as waves of water wash round the
sides of some sunken ship.  Darkness washed down streets, eddying
round single figures, engulfing them; blotting out couples clasped
under the showery darkness of elm trees in full summer foliage.
Darkness rolled its waves along grassy rides and over the wrinkled
skin of the turf, enveloping the solitary thorn tree and the empty
snail shells at its foot.  Mounting higher, darkness blew along the
bare upland slopes, and met the fretted and abraded pinnacles of
the mountain where the snow lodges for ever on the hard rock even
when the valleys are full of running streams and yellow vine
leaves, and girls, sitting on verandahs, look up at the snow,
shading their faces with their fans.  Them, too, darkness covered.




'Now to sum up,' said Bernard.  'Now to explain to you the meaning
of my life.  Since we do not know each other (though I met you
once, I think, on board a ship going to Africa), we can talk
freely.  The illusion is upon me that something adheres for a
moment, has roundness, weight, depth, is completed.  This, for the
moment, seems to be my life.  If it were possible, I would hand it
to you entire.  I would break it off as one breaks off a bunch of
grapes.  I would say, "Take it.  This is my life."

'But unfortunately, what I see (this globe, full of figures) you do
not see.  You see me, sitting at a table opposite you, a rather
heavy, elderly man, grey at the temples.  You see me take my napkin
and unfold it.  You see me pour myself out a glass of wine.  And
you see behind me the door opening, and people passing.  But in
order to make you understand, to give you my life, I must tell you
a story--and there are so many, and so many--stories of childhood,
stories of school, love, marriage, death, and so on; and none of
them are true.  Yet like children we tell each other stories, and
to decorate them we make up these ridiculous, flamboyant, beautiful
phrases.  How tired I am of stories, how tired I am of phrases that
come down beautifully with all their feet on the ground!  Also, how
I distrust neat designs of life that are drawn upon half-sheets of
note-paper.  I begin to long for some little language such as
lovers use, broken words, inarticulate words, like the shuffling of
feet on the pavement.  I begin to seek some design more in
accordance with those moments of humiliation and triumph that come
now and then undeniably.  Lying in a ditch on a stormy day, when it
has been raining, then enormous clouds come marching over the sky,
tattered clouds, wisps of cloud.  What delights me then is the
confusion, the height, the indifference and the fury.  Great clouds
always changing, and movement; something sulphurous and sinister,
bowled up, helter-skelter; towering, trailing, broken off, lost,
and I forgotten, minute, in a ditch.  Of story, of design, I do not
see a trace then.

'But meanwhile, while we eat, let us turn over these scenes as
children turn over the pages of a picture-book and the nurse says,
pointing:  "That's a cow.  That's a boat."  Let us turn over the
pages, and I will add, for your amusement, a comment in the margin.

'In the beginning, there was the nursery, with windows opening on
to a garden, and beyond that the sea.  I saw something brighten--no
doubt the brass handle of a cupboard.  Then Mrs Constable raised
the sponge above her head, squeezed it, and out shot, right, left,
all down the spine, arrows of sensation.  And so, as long as we
draw breath, for the rest of time, if we knock against a chair, a
table, or a woman, we are pierced with arrows of sensation--if we
walk in a garden, if we drink this wine.  Sometimes indeed, when I
pass a cottage with a light in the window where a child has been
born, I could implore them not to squeeze the sponge over that new
body.  Then, there was the garden and the canopy of the currant
leaves which seemed to enclose everything; flowers, burning like
sparks upon the depths of green; a rat wreathing with maggots under
a rhubarb leaf; the fly going buzz, buzz, buzz upon the nursery
ceiling, and plates upon plates of innocent bread and butter.  All
these things happen in one second and last for ever.  Faces loom.
Dashing round the corner.  "Hullo," one says, "there's Jinny.
That's Neville.  That's Louis in grey flannel with a snake belt.
That's Rhoda."  She had a basin in which she sailed petals of white
flowers.  It was Susan who cried, that day when I was in the tool-
house with Neville; and I felt my indifference melt.  Neville did
not melt.  "Therefore," I said, "I am myself, not Neville", a
wonderful discovery.  Susan cried and I followed her.  Her wet
pocket-handkerchief, and the sight of her little back heaving up
and down like a pump-handle, sobbing for what was denied her,
screwed my nerves up.  "That is not to be borne," I said, as I sat
beside her on the roots that were hard as skeletons.  I then first
became aware of the presence of those enemies who change, but are
always there; the forces we fight against.  To let oneself be
carried on passively is unthinkable.  "That's your course, world,"
one says, "mine is this."  So, "Let's explore," I cried, and jumped
up, and ran downhill with Susan and saw the stable-boy clattering
about the yard in great boots.  Down below, through the depths of
the leaves, the gardeners swept the lawns with great brooms.  The
lady sat writing.  Transfixed, stopped dead, I thought, "I cannot
interfere with a single stroke of those brooms.  They sweep and
they sweep.  Nor with the fixity of that woman writing."  It is
strange that one cannot stop gardeners sweeping nor dislodge a
woman.  There they have remained all my life.  It is as if one had
woken in Stonehenge surrounded by a circle of great stones, these
enemies, these presences.  Then a wood-pigeon flew out of the
trees.  And being in love for the first time, I made a phrase--a
poem about a wood-pigeon--a single phrase, for a hole had been
knocked in my mind, one of those sudden transparencies through
which one sees everything.  Then more bread and butter and more
flies droning round the nursery ceiling on which quivered islands
of light, ruffled, opalescent, while the pointed fingers of the
lustre dripped blue pools on the corner of the mantelpiece.  Day
after day as we sat at tea we observed these sights.

'But we were all different.  The wax--the virginal wax that coats
the spine melted in different patches for each of us.  The growl of
the boot-boy making love to the tweeny among the gooseberry bushes;
the clothes blown out hard on the line; the dead man in the gutter;
the apple tree, stark in the moonlight; the rat swarming with
maggots; the lustre dripping blue--our white wax was streaked and
stained by each of these differently.  Louis was disgusted by the
nature of human flesh; Rhoda by our cruelty; Susan could not share;
Neville wanted order; Jinny love; and so on.  We suffered terribly
as we became separate bodies.

'Yet I was preserved from these excesses and have survived many of
my friends, am a little stout, grey, rubbed on the thorax as it
were, because it is the panorama of life, seen not from the roof,
but from the third-storey window, that delights me, not what one
woman says to one man, even if that man is myself.  How could I be
bullied at school therefore?  How could they make things hot for
me?  There was the Doctor lurching into chapel, as if he trod a
battleship in a gale of wind, shouting out his commands through a
megaphone, since people in authority always become melodramatic--I
did not hate him like Neville, or revere him like Louis.  I took
notes as we sat together in chapel.  There were pillars, shadows,
memorial brasses, boys scuffling and swopping stamps behind Prayer
Books; the sound of a rusty pump; the Doctor booming, about
immortality and quitting ourselves like men; and Percival
scratching his thigh.  I made notes for stories; drew portraits in
the margin of my pocket-book and thus became still more separate.
Here are one or two of the figures I saw.

'Percival sat staring straight ahead of him that day in chapel.  He
also had a way of flicking his hand to the back of his neck.  His
movements were always remarkable.  We all flicked our hands to the
backs of our heads--unsuccessfully.  He had the kind of beauty
which defends itself from any caress.  As he was not in the least
precocious, he read whatever was written up for our edification
without any comment, and thought with that magnificent equanimity
(Latin words come naturally) that was to preserve him from so many
meannesses and humiliations, that Lucy's flaxen pigtails and pink
cheeks were the height of female beauty.  Thus preserved, his taste
later was of extreme fineness.  But there should be music, some
wild carol.  Through the window should come a hunting-song from
some rapid unapprehended life--a sound that shouts among the hills
and dies away.  What is startling, what is unexpected, what we
cannot account for, what turns symmetry to nonsense--that comes
suddenly to my mind, thinking of him.  The little apparatus of
observation is unhinged.  Pillars go down; the Doctor floats off;
some sudden exaltation possesses me.  He was thrown, riding in a
race, and when I came along Shaftesbury Avenue tonight, those
insignificant and scarcely formulated faces that bubble up out of
the doors of the Tube, and many obscure Indians, and people dying
of famine and disease, and women who have been cheated, and whipped
dogs and crying children--all these seemed to me bereft.  He would
have done justice.  He would have protected.  About the age of
forty he would have shocked the authorities.  No lullaby has ever
occurred to me capable of singing him to rest.

'But let me dip again and bring up in my spoon another of these
minute objects which we call optimistically, "characters of our
friends"--Louis.  He sat staring at the preacher.  His being seemed
conglobulated in his brow, his lips were pressed; his eyes were
fixed, but suddenly they flashed with laughter.  Also he suffered
from chilblains, the penalty of an imperfect circulation.  Unhappy,
unfriended, in exile he would sometimes, in moments of confidence,
describe how the surf swept over the beaches of his home.  The
remorseless eye of youth fixed itself upon his swollen joints.
Yes, but we were also quick to perceive how cutting, how apt, how
severe he was, how naturally, when we lay under the elm trees
pretending to watch cricket, we waited his approval, seldom given.
His ascendancy was resented, as Percival's was adored.  Prim,
suspicious, lifting his feet like a crane, there was yet a legend
that he had smashed a door with his naked fist.  But his peak was
too bare, too stony for that kind of mist to cling to it.  He was
without those simple attachments by which one is connected with
another.  He remained aloof; enigmatic; a scholar capable of that
inspired accuracy which has something formidable about it.  My
phrases (how to describe the moon) did not meet with his approval.
On the other hand, he envied me to the point of desperation for
being at my ease with servants.  Not that the sense of his own
deserts failed him.  That was commensurate with his respect for
discipline.  Hence his success, finally.  His life, though, was not
happy.  But look--his eye turns white as he lies in the palm of my
hand.  Suddenly the sense of what people are leaves one.  I return
him to the pool where he will acquire lustre.

'Neville next--lying on his back staring up at the summer sky.  He
floated among us like a piece of thistledown, indolently haunting
the sunny corner of the playing-field, not listening, yet not
remote.  It was through him that I have nosed round without ever
precisely touching the Latin classics and have also derived some of
those persistent habits of thought which make us irredeemably lop-
sided--for instance about crucifixes, that they are the mark of the
devil.  Our half-loves and half-hates and ambiguities on these
points were to him indefensible treacheries.  The swaying and
sonorous Doctor, whom I made to sit swinging his braces over a gas-
fire, was to him nothing but an instrument of the inquisition.  So
he turned with a passion that made up for his indolence upon
Catullus, Horace, Lucretius, lying lazily dormant, yes, but
regardant, noticing, with rapture, cricketers, while with a mind
like the tongue of an ant-eater, rapid, dexterous, glutinous, he
searched out every curl and twist of those Roman sentences, and
sought out one person, always one person to sit beside.

'And the long skirts of the masters' wives would come swishing by,
mountainous, menacing; and our hands would fly to our caps.  And
immense dullness would descend unbroken, monotonous.  Nothing,
nothing, nothing broke with its fin that leaden waste of waters.
Nothing would happen to lift that weight of intolerable boredom.
The terms went on.  We grew; we changed; for, of course, we are
animals.  We are not always aware by any means; we breathe, eat,
sleep automatically.  We exist not only separately but in
undifferentiated blobs of matter.  With one scoop a whole brakeful
of boys is swept up and goes cricketing, footballing.  An army
marches across Europe.  We assemble in parks and halls and
sedulously oppose any renegade (Neville, Louis, Rhoda) who sets up
a separate existence.  And I am so made that, while I hear one or
two distinct melodies, such as Louis sings, or Neville, I am also
drawn irresistibly to the sound of the chorus chanting its old,
chanting its almost wordless, almost senseless song that comes
across courts at night; which we hear now booming round us as cars
and omnibuses take people to theatres.  (Listen; the cars rush past
this restaurant; now and then, down the river, a siren hoots, as a
steamer makes for the sea.)  If a bagman offers me snuff in a train
I accept.  I like the copious, shapeless, warm, not so very clever,
but extremely easy and rather coarse aspect of things; the talk of
men in clubs and public-houses, of miners half naked in drawers--
the forthright, perfectly unassuming, and without end in view
except dinner, love, money and getting along tolerably; that which
is without great hopes, ideals or anything of that kind; what is
unassuming except to make a tolerably good job of it.  I like all
that.  So I joined them, when Neville sulked or Louis, as I quite
agree sublimely, turned on his heel.

'Thus, not equally by any means or with order, but in great streaks
my waxen waistcoat melted, here one drop, there another.  Now
through this transparency became visible those wondrous pastures,
at first so moon-white, radiant, where no foot has been; meadows of
the rose, the crocus, of the rock and the snake too; of the spotted
and swart; the embarrassing, the binding and tripping up.  One
leaps out of bed, throws up the window; with what a whirr the birds
rise!  You know that sudden rush of wings, that exclamation, carol,
and confusion; the riot and babble of voices; and all the drops are
sparkling, trembling, as if the garden were a splintered mosaic,
vanishing, twinkling; not yet formed into one whole; and a bird
sings close to the window.  I heard those songs.  I followed those
phantoms.  I saw Joans, Dorothys, Miriams, I forget their names,
passing down avenues, stopping on the crest of bridges to look down
into the river.  And from among them rise one or two distinct
figures, birds who sang with the rapt egotism of youth by the
window; broke their snails on stones, dipped their beaks in sticky,
viscous matter; hard, avid, remorseless; Jinny, Susan, Rhoda.  They
had been educated on the east coast or on the south coast.  They
had grown long pigtails and acquired the look of startled foals,
which is the mark of adolescence.

'Jinny was the first to come sidling up to the gate to eat sugar.
She nipped it off the palms of one's hands very cleverly, but her
ears were laid back as if she might bite.  Rhoda was wild--Rhoda
one never could catch.  She was both frightened and clumsy.  It was
Susan who first became wholly woman, purely feminine.  It was she
who dropped on my face those scalding tears which are terrible,
beautiful; both, neither.  She was born to be the adored of poets,
since poets require safety; someone who sits sewing, who says, "I
hate, I love," who is neither comfortable nor prosperous, but has
some quality in accordance with the high but unemphatic beauty of
pure style which those who create poetry so particularly admire.
Her father trailed from room to room and down flagged corridors in
his flapping dressing-gown and worn slippers.  On still nights a
wall of water fell with a roar a mile off.  The ancient dog could
scarcely heave himself up on to his chair.  And some witless
servant could be heard laughing at the top of the house as she
whirred the wheel of the sewing-machine round and round.

'That I observed even in the midst of my anguish when, twisting her
pocket-handkerchief, Susan cried, "I love; I hate."  "A worthless
servant," I observed, "laughs upstairs in the attic," and that
little piece of dramatization shows how incompletely we are merged
in our own experiences.  On the outskirts of every agony sits some
observant fellow who points; who whispers as he whispered to me
that summer morning in the house where the corn comes up to the
window, "The willow grows on the turf by the river.  The gardeners
sweep with great brooms and the lady sits writing."  Thus he
directed me to that which is beyond and outside our own
predicament; to that which is symbolic, and thus perhaps permanent,
if there is any permanence in our sleeping, eating, breathing, so
animal, so spiritual and tumultuous lives.

'The willow tree grew by the river.  I sat on the smooth turf with
Neville, with Larpent, with Baker, Romsey, Hughes, Percival and
Jinny.  Through its fine plumes specked with little pricked ears of
green in spring, of orange in autumn, I saw boats; buildings; I saw
hurrying, decrepit women.  I buried match after match in the turf
decidedly to mark this or that stage in the process of understanding
(it might be philosophy; science; it might be myself) while the
fringe of my intelligence floating unattached caught those distant
sensations which after a time the mind draws in and works upon; the
chime of bells; general murmurs; vanishing figures; one girl on a
bicycle who, as she rode, seemed to lift the corner of a curtain
concealing the populous undifferentiated chaos of life which surged
behind the outlines of my friends and the willow tree.

'The tree alone resisted our eternal flux.  For I changed and
changed; was Hamlet, was Shelley, was the hero, whose name I now
forget, of a novel by Dostoevsky; was for a whole term, incredibly,
Napoleon; but was Byron chiefly.  For many weeks at a time it was
my part to stride into rooms and fling gloves and coat on the back
of chairs, scowling slightly.  I was always going to the bookcase
for another sip of the divine specific.  Therefore, I let fly my
tremendous battery of phrases upon somebody quite inappropriate--a
girl now married, now buried; every book, every window-seat was
littered with the sheets of my unfinished letters to the woman who
made me Byron.  For it is difficult to finish a letter in somebody
else's style.  I arrived all in a lather at her house; exchanged
tokens but did not marry her, being no doubt unripe for that
intensity.

'Here again there should be music.  Not that wild hunting-song,
Percival's music; but a painful, guttural, visceral, also soaring,
lark-like, pealing song to replace these flagging, foolish
transcripts--how much too deliberate! how much too reasonable!--
which attempt to describe the flying moment of first love.  A
purple slide is slipped over the day.  Look at a room before she
comes and after.  Look at the innocents outside pursuing their way.
They neither see nor hear; yet on they go.  Moving oneself in this
radiant yet gummy atmosphere how conscious one is of every
movement--something adheres, something sticks to one's hands,
taking up a newspaper even.  Then there is the being eviscerated--
drawn out, spun like a spider's web and twisted in agony round a
thorn.  Then a thunder-clap of complete indifference; the light
blown out; then the return of measureless irresponsible joy;
certain fields seem to glow green for ever, and innocent landscapes
appear as if in the light of the first dawn--one patch of green,
for example, up at Hampstead; and all faces are lit up, all
conspire in a hush of tender joy; and then the mystic sense of
completion and then that rasping, dog-fish skin-like roughness--
those black arrows of shivering sensation, when she misses the
post, when she does not come.  Out rush a bristle of horned
suspicions, horror, horror, horror--but what is the use of
painfully elaborating these consecutive sentences when what one
needs is nothing consecutive but a bark, a groan?  And years later
to see a middle-aged woman in a restaurant taking off her cloak.

'But to return.  Let us again pretend that life is a solid
substance, shaped like a globe, which we turn about in our fingers.
Let us pretend that we can make out a plain and logical story, so
that when one matter is despatched--love for instance--we go on, in
an orderly manner, to the next.  I was saying there was a willow
tree.  Its shower of falling branches, its creased and crooked bark
had the effect of what remains outside our illusions yet cannot
stay them, is changed by them for the moment, yet shows through
stable, still, and with a sternness that our lives lack.  Hence the
comment it makes; the standard it supplies, and the reason why, as
we flow and change, it seems to measure.  Neville, for example, sat
with me on the turf.  But can anything be as clear as all that, I
would say, following his gaze, through the branches, to a punt on
the river, and a young man eating bananas from a paper bag?  The
scene was cut out with such intensity and so permeated with the
quality of his vision that for a moment I could see it too; the
punt, the bananas, the young man, through the branches of the
willow tree.  Then it faded.

'Rhoda came wandering vaguely.  She would take advantage of any
scholar in a blowing gown, or donkey rolling the turf with
slippered feet to hide behind.  What fear wavered and hid itself
and blew to a flame in the depths of her grey, her startled, her
dreaming eyes?  Cruel and vindictive as we are, we are not bad to
that extent.  We have our fundamental goodness surely or to talk as
I talk freely to someone I hardly know would be impossible--we
should cease.  The willow as she saw it grew on the verge of a grey
desert where no bird sang.  The leaves shrivelled as she looked at
them, tossed in agony as she passed them.  The trams and omnibuses
roared hoarse in the street ran over rocks and sped foaming away.
Perhaps one pillar, sunlit, stood in her desert by a pool where
wild beasts come down stealthily to drink.

'Then Jinny came.  She flashed her fire over the tree.  She was
like a crinkled poppy, febrile, thirsty with the desire to drink
dry dust.  Darting, angular, not in the least impulsive, she came
prepared.  So little flames zigzag over the cracks in the dry
earth.  She made the willows dance, but not with illusion; for she
saw nothing that was not there.  It was a tree; there was the
river; it was afternoon; here we were; I in my serge suit; she in
green.  There was no past, no future; merely the moment in its ring
of light, and our bodies; and the inevitable climax, the ecstasy.

'Louis, when he let himself down on the grass, cautiously spreading
(I do not exaggerate) a mackintosh square, made one acknowledge his
presence.  It was formidable.  I had the intelligence to salute his
integrity; his research with bony fingers wrapped in rags because
of chilblains for some diamond of indissoluble veracity.  I buried
boxes of burnt matches in holes in the turf at his feet.  His grim
and caustic tongue reproved my indolence.  He fascinated me with
his sordid imagination.  His heroes wore bowler-hats and talked
about selling pianos for tenners.  Through his landscape the tram
squealed; the factory poured its acrid fumes.  He haunted mean
streets and towns where women lay drunk, naked, on counterpanes on
Christmas day.  His words falling from a shot-tower hit the water
and up it spurted.  He found one word, one only for the moon.  Then
he got up and went; we all got up; we all went.  But I, pausing,
looked at the tree, and as I looked in autumn at the fiery and
yellow branches, some sediment formed; I formed; a drop fell; I
fell--that is, from some completed experience I had emerged.

'I rose and walked away--I, I, I; not Byron, Shelley, Dostoevsky,
but I, Bernard.  I even repeated my own name once or twice.  I
went, swinging my stick, into a shop, and bought--not that I love
music--a picture of Beethoven in a silver frame.  Not that I love
music, but because the whole of life, its masters, its adventurers,
then appeared in long ranks of magnificent human beings behind me;
and I was the inheritor; I, the continuer; I, the person
miraculously appointed to carry it on.  So, swinging my stick, with
my eyes filmed, not with pride, but with humility rather, I walked
down the street.  The first whirr of wings had gone up, the carol,
the exclamation; and now one enters; one goes into the house, the
dry, uncompromising, inhabited house, the place with all its
traditions, its objects, its accumulations of rubbish, and
treasures displayed upon tables.  I visited the family tailor, who
remembered my uncle.  People turned up in great quantities, not cut
out, like the first faces (Neville, Louis, Jinny, Susan, Rhoda),
but confused, featureless, or changed their features so fast that
they seemed to have none.  And blushing yet scornful, in the oddest
condition of raw rapture and scepticism, I took the blow; the mixed
sensations; the complex and disturbing and utterly unprepared for
impacts of life all over, in all places, at the same time.  How
upsetting!  How humiliating never to be sure what to say next, and
those painful silences, glaring as dry deserts, with every pebble
apparent; and then to say what one ought not to have said, and then
to be conscious of a ramrod of incorruptible sincerity which one
would willingly exchange for a shower of smooth pence, but could
not, there at that party, where Jinny sat quite at her ease, rayed
out on a gilt chair.

'Then says some lady with an impressive gesture, "Come with me."
She leads one into a private alcove and admits one to the honour of
her intimacy.  Surnames change to Christian names; Christian names
to nicknames.  What is to be done about India, Ireland or Morocco?
Old gentlemen answer the question standing decorated under
chandeliers.  One finds oneself surprisingly supplied with
information.  Outside the undifferentiated forces roar; inside we
are very private, very explicit, have a sense indeed, that it is
here, in this little room, that we make whatever day of the week it
may be.  Friday or Saturday.  A shell forms upon the soft soul,
nacreous, shiny, upon which sensations tap their beaks in vain.  On
me it formed earlier than on most.  Soon I could carve my pear when
other people had done dessert.  I could bring my sentence to a
close in a hush of complete silence.  It is at that season too that
perfection has a lure.  One can learn Spanish, one thinks, by tying
a string to the right toe and waking early.  One fills up the
little compartments of one's engagement book with dinner at eight;
luncheon at one-thirty.  One has shirts, socks, ties laid out on
one's bed.

'But it is a mistake, this extreme precision, this orderly and
military progress; a convenience, a lie.  There is always deep
below it, even when we arrive punctually at the appointed time with
our white waistcoats and polite formalities, a rushing stream of
broken dreams, nursery rhymes, street cries, half-finished
sentences and sights--elm trees, willow trees, gardeners sweeping,
women writing--that rise and sink even as we hand a lady down to
dinner.  While one straightens the fork so precisely on the table-
cloth, a thousand faces mop and mow.  There is nothing one can fish
up in a spoon; nothing one can call an event.  Yet it is alive too
and deep, this stream.  Immersed in it I would stop between one
mouthful and the next, and look intently at a vase, perhaps with
one red flower, while a reason struck me, a sudden revelation.  Or
I would say, walking along the Strand, "That's the phrase I want",
as some beautiful, fabulous phantom bird, fish or cloud with fiery
edges swam up to enclose once and for all some notion haunting me,
after which on I trotted taking stock with renewed delight of ties
and things in shop-windows.

'The crystal, the globe of life as one calls it, far from being
hard and cold to the touch, has walls of thinnest air.  If I press
them all will burst.  Whatever sentence I extract whole and entire
from this cauldron is only a string of six little fish that let
themselves be caught while a million others leap and sizzle, making
the cauldron bubble like boiling silver, and slip through my
fingers.  Faces recur, faces and faces--they press their beauty to
the walls of my bubble--Neville, Susan, Louis, Jinny, Rhoda and a
thousand others.  How impossible to order them rightly; to detach
one separately, or to give the effect of the whole--again like
music.  What a symphony with its concord and its discord, and its
tunes on top and its complicated bass beneath, then grew up!  Each
played his own tune, fiddle, flute, trumpet, drum or whatever the
instrument might be.  With Neville, "Let's discuss Hamlet."  With
Louis, science.  With Jinny, love.  Then suddenly, in a moment of
exasperation, off to Cumberland with a quiet man for a whole week
in an inn, with the rain running down the window-panes and nothing
but mutton and mutton and again mutton for dinner.  Yet that week
remains a solid stone in the welter of unrecorded sensation.  It
was then we played dominoes; then we quarrelled about tough mutton.
Then we walked on the fell.  And a little girl, peeping round the
door, gave me that letter, written on blue paper, in which I learnt
that the girl who had made me Byron was to marry a squire.  A man
in gaiters, a man with a whip, a man who made speeches about fat
oxen at dinner--I exclaimed derisively and looked at the racing
clouds, and felt my own failure; my desire to be free; to escape;
to be bound; to make an end; to continue; to be Louis; to be
myself; and walked out in my mackintosh alone, and felt grumpy
under the eternal hills and not in the least sublime; and came home
and blamed the meat and packed and so back again to the welter; to
the torture.

'Nevertheless, life is pleasant, life is tolerable.  Tuesday
follows Monday; then comes Wednesday.  The mind grows rings; the
identity becomes robust; pain is absorbed in growth.  Opening and
shutting, shutting and opening, with increasing hum and sturdiness,
the haste and fever of youth are drawn into service until the whole
being seems to expand in and out like the mainspring of a clock.
How fast the stream flows from January to December!  We are swept
on by the torrent of things grown so familiar that they cast no
shadow.  We float, we float . . .

'However, since one must leap (to tell you this story), I leap,
here, at this point, and alight now upon some perfectly commonplace
object--say the poker and tongs, as I saw them sometime later,
after that lady who had made me Byron had married, under the light
of one whom I will call the third Miss Jones.  She is the girl who
wears a certain dress expecting one at dinner, who picks a certain
rose, who makes one feel "Steady, steady, this is a matter of some
importance", as one shaves.  Then one asks, "How does she behave to
children?"  One observes that she is a little clumsy with her
umbrella; but minded when the mole was caught in the trap; and
finally, would not make the loaf at breakfast (I was thinking of
the interminable breakfasts of married life as I shaved) altogether
prosaic--it would not surprise one sitting opposite this girl to
see a dragon-fly perched on the loaf at breakfast.  Also she
inspired me with a desire to rise in the world; also she made me
look with curiosity at the hitherto repulsive faces of new-born
babies.  And the little fierce beat--tick-tack, tick-tack--of the
pulse of one's mind took on a more majestic rhythm.  I roamed down
Oxford Street.  We are the continuers, we are the inheritors, I
said, thinking of my sons and daughters; and if the feeling is so
grandiose as to be absurd and one conceals it by jumping on to a
bus or buying the evening paper, it is still a curious element in
the ardour with which one laces up one's boots, with which one now
addresses old friends committed to different careers.  Louis, the
attic dweller; Rhoda, the nymph of the fountain always wet; both
contradicted what was then so positive to me; both gave the other
side of what seemed to me so evident (that we marry, that we
domesticate); for which I loved them, pitied them, and also deeply
envied them their different lot.

'Once I had a biographer, dead long since, but if he still followed
my footsteps with his old flattering intensity he would here say,
"About this time Bernard married and bought a house . . .  His
friends observed in him a growing tendency to domesticity . . .
The birth of children made it highly desirable that he should
augment his income."  That is the biographic style, and it does to
tack together torn bits of stuff, stuff with raw edges.  After all,
one cannot find fault with the biographic style if one begins
letters "Dear Sir", ends them "your faithfully"; one cannot despise
these phrases laid like Roman roads across the tumult of our lives,
since they compel us to walk in step like civilized people with the
slow and measured tread of policemen though one may be humming any
nonsense under one's breath at the same time--"Hark, hark, the dogs
do bark", "Come away, come away, death", "Let me not to the
marriage of true minds", and so on.  "He attained some success in
his profession . . .  He inherited a small sum of money from an
uncle"--that is how the biographer continues, and if one wears
trousers and hitches them up with braces, one has to say that,
though it is tempting now and then to go blackberrying; tempting to
play ducks and drakes with all these phrases.  But one has to say
that.

'I became, I mean, a certain kind of man, scoring my path across
life as one treads a path across the fields.  My boots became worn
a little on the left side.  When I came in, certain re-arrangements
took place.  "Here's Bernard!"  How differently different people
say that!  There are many rooms--many Bernards.  There was the
charming, but weak; the strong, but supercilious; the brilliant,
but remorseless; the very good fellow, but, I make no doubt, the
awful bore; the sympathetic, but cold; the shabby, but--go into the
next room--the foppish, worldly, and too well dressed.  What I was
to myself was different; was none of these.  I am inclined to pin
myself down most firmly there before the loaf at breakfast with my
wife, who being now entirely my wife and not at all the girl who
wore when she hoped to meet me a certain rose, gave me that
feeling of existing in the midst of unconsciousness such as the
tree-frog must have couched on the right shade of green leaf.
"Pass" . . . I would say.  "Milk" . . . she might answer, or
"Mary's coming" . . .--simple words for those who have inherited
the spoils of all the ages but not as said then, day after day,
in the full tide of life, when one feels complete, entire, at
breakfast.  Muscles, nerves, intestines, blood-vessels, all that
makes the coil and spring of our being, the unconscious hum of the
engine, as well as the dart and flicker of the tongue, functioned
superbly. Opening, shutting; shutting, opening; eating, drinking;
sometimes speaking--the whole mechanism seemed to expand, to
contract, like the mainspring of a clock.  Toast and butter, coffee
and bacon.  The Times and letters--suddenly the telephone rang
with urgency and I rose deliberately and went to the telephone.
I took up the black mouth.  I marked the ease with which my mind
adjusted itself to assimilate the message--it might be (one has
these fancies) to assume command of the British Empire; I observed
my composure; I remarked with what magnificent vitality the atoms
of my attention dispersed, swarmed round the interruption,
assimilated the message, adapted themselves to a new state of
affairs and had created, by the time I put back the receiver, a
richer, stronger, a more complicated world in which I was called
upon to act my part and had no doubt whatever that I could do it.
Clapping my hat on my head, I strode into a world inhabited by vast
numbers of men who had also clapped their hats on their heads, and
as we jostled and encountered in trains and tubes we exchanged the
knowing wink of competitors and comrades braced with a thousand
snares and dodges to achieve the same end--to earn our livings.

'Life is pleasant.  Life is good.  The mere process of life is
satisfactory.  Take the ordinary man in good health.  He likes
eating and sleeping.  He likes the snuff of fresh air and walking
at a brisk pace down the Strand.  Or in the country there's a cock
crowing on a gate; there's a foal galloping round a field.
Something always has to be done next.  Tuesday follows Monday;
Wednesday Tuesday.  Each spreads the same ripple of wellbeing,
repeats the same curve of rhythm; covers fresh sand with a chill or
ebbs a little slackly without.  So the being grows rings; identity
becomes robust.  What was fiery and furtive like a fling of grain
cast into the air and blown hither and thither by wild gusts of
life from every quarter is now methodical and orderly and flung
with a purpose--so it seems.

'Lord, how pleasant!  Lord, how good!  How tolerable is the life of
little shopkeepers, I would say, as the train drew through the
suburbs and one saw lights in bedroom windows.  Active, energetic
as a swarm of ants, I said, as I stood at the window and watched
workers, bag in hand, stream into town.  What hardness, what energy
and violence of limb, I thought, seeing men in white drawers'
scouring after a football on a patch of snow in January.  Now being
grumpy about some small matter--it might be the meat--it seemed
luxurious to disturb with a little ripple the enormous stability,
whose quiver, for our child was about to be born, increased its
joy, of our married life.  I snapped at dinner.  I spoke
unreasonably as if, being a millionaire, I could throw away five
shillings; or, being a perfect steeple-jack, stumbled over a
footstool on purpose.  Going up to bed we settled our quarrel on
the stairs, and standing by the window looking at a sky clear like
the inside of a blue stone, "Heaven be praised," I said, "we need
not whip this prose into poetry.  The little language is enough."
For the space of the prospect and its clarity seemed to offer no
impediment whatsoever, but to allow our lives to spread out and out
beyond all bristling of roofs and chimneys to the flawless verge.

'Into this crashed death--Percival's.  "Which is happiness?" I said
(our child had been born), "which pain?" referring to the two sides
of my body, as I came downstairs, making a purely physical
statement.  Also I made note of the state of the house; the curtain
blowing; the cook singing; the wardrobe showing through the half-
opened door.  I said, "Give him (myself) another moment's respite"
as I went downstairs.  "Now in this drawing-room he is going to
suffer.  There is no escape."  But for pain words are lacking.
There should be cries, cracks, fissures, whiteness passing over
chintz covers, interference with the sense of time, of space; the
sense also of extreme fixity in passing objects; and sounds very
remote and then very close; flesh being gashed and blood spurting,
a joint suddenly twisted--beneath all of which appears something
very important, yet remote, to be just held in solitude.  So I went
out.  I saw the first morning he would never see--the sparrows were
like toys dangled from a string by a child.  To see things without
attachment, from the outside, and to realize their beauty in
itself--how strange!  And then the sense that a burden has been
removed; pretence and make-believe and unreality are gone, and
lightness has come with a kind of transparency, making oneself
invisible and things seen through as one walks--how strange.  "And
now what other discovery will there be?" I said, and in order to
hold it tight ignored newspaper placards and went and looked at
pictures.  Madonnas and pillars, arches and orange trees, still as
on the first day of creation, but acquainted with grief, there they
hung, and I gazed at them.  "Here," I said, "we are together
without interruption."  This freedom, this immunity, seemed then a
conquest, and stirred in me such exaltation that I sometimes go
there, even now, to bring back exaltation and Percival.  But it did
not last.  What torments one is the horrible activity of the mind's
eye--how he fell, how he looked, where they carried him; men in
loin-cloths, pulling ropes; the bandages and the mud.  Then comes
the terrible pounce of memory, not to be foretold, not to be warded
off--that I did not go with him to Hampton Court.  That claw
scratched; that fang tore; I did not go.  In spite of his
impatiently protesting that it did not matter; why interrupt, why
spoil our moment of uninterrupted community?--Still, I repeated
sullenly, I did not go, and so, driven out of the sanctuary by
these officious devils, went to Jinny because she had a room; a
room with little tables, with little ornaments scattered on little
tables.  There I confessed, with tears--I had not gone to Hampton
Court.  And she, remembering other things, to me trifles but
torturing to her, showed me how life withers when there are things
we cannot share.  Soon, too, a maid came in with a note, and as she
turned to answer it and I felt my own curiosity to know what she
was writing and to whom, I saw the first leaf fall on his grave.  I
saw us push beyond this moment, and leave it behind us for ever.
And then sitting side by side on the sofa we remembered inevitably
what had been said by others; "the lily of the day is fairer far in
May"; we compared Percival to a lily--Percival whom I wanted to
lose his hair, to shock the authorities, to grow old with me; he
was already covered with lilies.

'So the sincerity of the moment passed; so it became symbolical;
and that I could not stand.  Let us commit any blasphemy of
laughter and criticism rather than exude this lily-sweet glue; and
cover him with phrases, I cried.  Therefore I broke off, and Jinny,
who was without future, or speculation, but respected the moment
with complete integrity, gave her body a flick with the whip,
powdered her face (for which I loved her), and waved to me as she
stood on the doorstep, pressing her hand to her hair so that the
wind might not disorder it, a gesture for which I honoured her, as
if it confirmed our determination--not to let lilies grow.

'I observed with disillusioned clarity the despicable nonentity of
the street; its porches; its window curtains; the drab clothes, the
cupidity and complacency of shopping women; and old men taking the
air in comforters; the caution of people crossing; the universal
determination to go on living, when really, fools and gulls that
you are, I said, any slate may fly from a roof, any car may swerve,
for there is neither rhyme nor reason when a drunk man staggers
about with a club in his hand--that is all.  I was like one
admitted behind the scenes: like one shown how the effects are
produced.  I returned, however, to my own snug home and was warned
by the parlourmaid to creep upstairs in my stockings.  The child
was asleep.  I went to my room.

'Was there no sword, nothing with which to batter down these walls,
this protection, this begetting of children and living behind
curtains, and becoming daily more involved and committed, with
books and pictures?  Better burn one's life out like Louis,
desiring perfection; or like Rhoda leave us, flying past us to the
desert; or choose one out of millions and one only like Neville;
better be like Susan and love and hate the heat of the sun or the
frost-bitten grass; or be like Jinny, honest, an animal.  All had
their rapture; their common feeling with death; something that
stood them in stead.  Thus I visited each of my friends in turn,
trying, with fumbling fingers, to prise open their locked caskets.
I went from one to the other holding my sorrow--no, not my sorrow
but the incomprehensible nature of this our life--for their
inspection.  Some people go to priests; others to poetry; I to my
friends, I to my own heart, I to seek among phrases and fragments
something unbroken--I to whom there is not beauty enough in moon or
tree; to whom the touch of one person with another is all, yet who
cannot grasp even that, who am so imperfect, so weak, so
unspeakably lonely.  There I sat.

'Should this be the end of the story? a kind of sigh? a last ripple
of the wave?  A trickle of water in some gutter where, burbling, it
dies away?  Let me touch the table--so--and thus recover my sense
of the moment.  A sideboard covered with cruets; a basket full of
rolls; a plate of bananas--these are comfortable sights.  But if
there are no stories, what end can there be, or what beginning?
Life is not susceptible perhaps to the treatment we give it when we
try to tell it.  Sitting up late at night it seems strange not to
have more control.  Pigeon-holes are not then very useful.  It is
strange how force ebbs away and away into some dry creek.  Sitting
alone, it seems we are spent; our waters can only just surround
feebly that spike of sea-holly; we cannot reach that further pebble
so as to wet it.  It is over, we are ended.  But wait--I sat all
night waiting--an impulse again runs through us; we rise, we toss
back a mane of white spray; we pound on the shore; we are not to be
confined.  That is, I shaved and washed; did not wake my wife, and
had breakfast; put on my hat, and went out to earn my living.
After Monday, Tuesday comes.

'Yet some doubt remained, some note of interrogation.  I was
surprised, opening a door, to find people thus occupied; I
hesitated, taking a cup of tea, whether one said milk or sugar.
And the light of the stars falling, as it falls now, on my hand
after travelling for millions upon millions of years--I could get a
cold shock from that for a moment--not more, my imagination is too
feeble.  But some doubt remained.  A shadow flitted through my mind
like moths' wings among chairs and tables in a room in the evening.
When, for example, I went to Lincolnshire that summer to see Susan
and she advanced towards me across the garden with the lazy
movement of a half-filled sail, with the swaying movement of a
woman with child, I thought, "It goes on; but why?"  We sat in the
garden; the farm carts came up dripping with hay; there was the
usual gabble of rooks and doves; fruit was netted and covered over;
the gardener dug.  Bees boomed down the purple tunnels of flowers;
bees embedded themselves on the golden shields of sunflowers.
Little twigs were blown across the grass.  How rhythmical, and half
conscious and like something wrapped in mist it was; but to me
hateful, like a net folding one's limbs in its meshes, cramping.
She who had refused Percival lent herself to this, to this covering
over.

'Sitting down on a bank to wait for my train, I thought then how we
surrender, how we submit to the stupidity of nature.  Woods covered
in thick green leafage lay in front of me.  And by some flick of a
scent or a sound on a nerve, the old image--the gardeners sweeping,
the lady writing--returned.  I saw the figures beneath the beech
trees at Elvedon.  The gardeners swept; the lady at the table sat
writing.  But I now made the contribution of maturity to
childhood's intuitions--satiety and doom; the sense of what is
unescapable in our lot; death; the knowledge of limitations; how
life is more obdurate than one had thought it.  Then, when I was a
child, the presence of an enemy had asserted itself; the need for
opposition had stung me.  I had jumped up and cried, "Let's
explore."  The horror of the situation was ended.

'Now what situation was there to end?  Dullness and doom.  And what
to explore?  The leaves and the wood concealed nothing.  If a bird
rose I should no longer make a poem--I should repeat what I had
seen before.  Thus if I had a stick with which to point to
indentations in the curve of being, this is the lowest; here it
coils useless on the mud where no tide comes--here, where I sit
with my back to a hedge, and my hat over my eyes, while the sheep
advanced remorselessly in that wooden way of theirs, step by step
on stiff, pointed legs.  But if you hold a blunt blade to a
grindstone long enough, something spurts--a jagged edge of fire; so
held to lack of reason, aimlessness, the usual, all massed
together, out spurted in one flame hatred, contempt.  I took my
mind, my being, the old dejected, almost inanimate object, and
lashed it about among these odds and ends, sticks and straws,
detestable little bits of wreckage, flotsam and jetsam, floating on
the oily surface.  I jumped up.  I said, "Fight!  Fight!" I
repeated.  It is the effort and the struggle, it is the perpetual
warfare, it is the shattering and piecing together--this is the
daily battle, defeat or victory, the absorbing pursuit.  The trees,
scattered, put on order; the thick green of the leaves thinned
itself to a dancing light.  I netted them under with a sudden
phrase.  I retrieved them from formlessness with words.

'The train came in.  Lengthening down the platform, the train came
to a stop.  I caught my train.  And so back to London in the
evening.  How satisfactory, the atmosphere of common sense and
tobacco; old women clambering into the third-class carriage with
their baskets; the sucking at pipes; the good-nights and see you
tomorrows of friends parting at wayside stations, and then the
lights of London--not the flaring ecstasy of youth, not that
tattered violet banner, but still the lights of London all the
same; hard, electric lights, high up in offices; street lamps laced
along dry pavements; flares roaring above street markets.  I like
all this when I have despatched the enemy for a moment.

'Also I like to find the pageant of existence roaring, in a theatre
for instance.  The clay-coloured, earthy nondescript animal of the
field here erects himself and with infinite ingenuity and effort
puts up a fight against the green woods and green fields and sheep
advancing with measured tread, munching.  And, of course, windows
in the long grey streets were lit up; strips of carpet cut the
pavement; there were swept and garnished rooms, fire, food, wine,
talk.  Men with withered hands, women with pearl pagodas hanging
from their ears, came in and went out.  I saw old men's faces
carved into wrinkles and sneers by the work of the world; beauty
cherished so that it seemed newly sprung even in age; and youth so
apt for pleasure that pleasure, one thought, must exist; it seemed
that grass-lands must roll for it; and the sea be chopped up into
little waves; and the woods rustle with bright-coloured birds for
youth, for youth expectant.  There one met Jinny and Hal, Tom and
Betty; there we had our jokes and shared our secrets; and never
parted in the doorway without arranging to meet again in some other
room as the occasion, as the time of the year, suggested.  Life is
pleasant; life is good.  After Monday comes Tuesday, and Wednesday
follows.

'Yes, but after a time with a difference.  It may be that something
in the look of the room one night, in the arrangement of the
chairs, suggests it.  It seems comfortable to sink down on a sofa
in a corner, to look, to listen.  Then it happens that two figures
standing with their backs to the window appear against the branches
of a spreading willow.  With a shock of emotion one feels "There
are figures without features robed in beauty."  In the pause that
follows while the ripples spread, the girl to whom one should be
talking says to herself, "He is old."  But she is wrong.  It is not
age; it is that a drop has fallen; another drop.  Time has given
the arrangement another shake.  Out we creep from the arch of the
currant leaves, out into a wider world.  The true order of things--
this is our perpetual illusion--is now apparent.  Thus in a moment,
in a drawing-room, our life adjusts itself to the majestic march of
day across the sky.

'It was for this reason that instead of pulling on my patent-
leather shoes and finding a tolerable tie, I sought Neville.  I
sought my oldest friend, who had known me when I was Byron; when I
was Meredith's young man, and also that hero in a book by
Dostoevsky whose name I have forgotten.  I found him alone,
reading.  A perfectly neat table; a curtain pulled methodically
straight; a paper-knife dividing a French volume--nobody, I
thought, ever changes the attitude in which we saw them first, or
the clothes.  Here he has sat in this chair, in these clothes, ever
since we first met.  Here was freedom; here was intimacy; the
firelight broke off some round apple on the curtain.  There we
talked; sat talking; sauntered down that avenue, the avenue which
runs under the trees, under the thick-leaved murmuring trees, the
trees that are hung with fruit, which we have trodden so often
together, so that now the turf is bare round some of those trees,
round certain plays and poems, certain favourites of ours--the turf
is trodden bare by our incessant unmethodical pacing.  If I have to
wait, I read; if I wake in the night, I feel along the shelf for a
book.  Swelling, perpetually augmented, there is a vast
accumulation of unrecorded matter in my head.  Now and then I break
off a lump, Shakespeare it may be, it may be some old woman called
Peck; and say to myself, smoking a cigarette in bed, "That's
Shakespeare.  That's Peck"--with a certainty of recognition and a
shock of knowledge which is endlessly delightful, though not to be
imparted.  So we shared our Pecks, our Shakespeares; compared each
other's versions; allowed each other's insight to set our own Peck
or Shakespeare in a better light; and then sank into one of those
silences which are now and again broken by a few words, as if a fin
rose in the wastes of silence; and then the fin, the thought, sinks
back into the depths, spreading round it a little ripple of
satisfaction, content.

'Yes, but suddenly one hears a clock tick.  We who had been
immersed in this world became aware of another.  It is painful.  It
was Neville who changed our time.  He, who had been thinking with
the unlimited time of the mind, which stretches in a flash from
Shakespeare to ourselves, poked the fire and began to live by that
other clock which marks the approach of a particular person.  The
wide and dignified sweep of his mind contracted.  He became on the
alert.  I could feel him listening to sounds in the street.  I
noted how he touched a cushion.  From the myriads of mankind and
all time past he had chosen one person, one moment in particular.
A sound was heard in the hall.  What he was saying wavered in the
air like an uneasy flame.  I watched him disentangle one footstep
from other footsteps; wait for some particular mark of identification
and glance with the swiftness of a snake at the handle of the door.
(Hence the astonishing acuteness of his perceptions; he has been
trained always by one person.)  So concentrated a passion shot out
others like foreign matter from a still, sparkling fluid.  I became
aware of my own vague and cloudy nature full of sediment, full of
doubt, full of phrases and notes to be made in pocket-books.  The
folds of the curtain became still, statuesque; the paperweight on
the table hardened; the threads on the curtain sparkled; everything
became definite, external, a scene in which I had no part.  I rose,
therefore; I left him.

'Heavens! how they caught me as I left the room, the fangs of that
old pain! the desire for someone not there.  For whom?  I did not
know at first; then remembered Percival.  I had not thought of him
for months.  Now to laugh with him, to laugh with him at Neville--
that was what I wanted, to walk off arm-in-arm together laughing.
But he was not there.  The place was empty.

'It is strange how the dead leap out on us at street corners, or in
dreams.

'This fitful gust blowing so sharp and cold upon me sent me that
night across London to visit other friends, Rhoda and Louis,
desiring company, certainty, contact.  I wondered, as I mounted the
stairs, what was their relationship?  What did they say alone?  I
figured her awkward with the tea-kettle.  She gazed over the slate
roofs--the nymph of the fountain always wet, obsessed with visions,
dreaming.  She parted the curtain to look at the night.  "Away!"
she said.  "The moor is dark beneath the moon."  I rang; I waited.
Louis perhaps poured out milk in a saucer for the cat; Louis, whose
bony hands shut like the sides of a dock closing themselves with a
slow anguish of effort upon an enormous tumult of waters, who knew
what has been said by the Egyptian, the Indian, by men with high
cheek-bones and solitaires in hair shirts.  I knocked: I waited;
there was no answer.  I tramped down the stone stairs again.  Our
friends--how distant, how mute, how seldom visited and little
known.  And I, too, am dim to my friends and unknown; a phantom,
sometimes seen, often not.  Life is a dream surely.  Our flame, the
will-o'-the-wisp that dances in a few eyes, is soon to be blown out
and all will fade.  I recalled my friends.  I thought of Susan.
She had bought fields.  Cucumbers and tomatoes ripened in her
hothouses.  The vine that had been killed by last year's frost was
putting out a leaf or two.  She walked heavily with her sons across
her meadows.  She went about the land attended by men in gaiters,
pointing with her stick at a roof, at hedges, at walls fallen into
disrepair.  The pigeons followed her, waddling, for the grain that
she let fall from her capable, earthy fingers.  "But I no longer
rise at dawn," she said.  Then Jinny--entertaining, no doubt, some
new young man.  They reached the crisis of the usual conversation.
The room would be darkened; chairs arranged.  For she still sought
the moment.  Without illusions, hard and clear as crystal, she rode
at the day with her breast bared.  She let its spikes pierce her.
When the lock whitened on her forehead she twisted it fearlessly
among the rest.  So when they come to bury her nothing will be out
of order.  Bits of ribbons will be found curled up.  But still the
door opens.  Who is coming in? she asks, and rises to meet him,
prepared, as on those first spring nights when the tree under the
big London houses where respectable citizens were going soberly to
bed scarcely sheltered her love; and the squeak of trams mixed with
her cry of delight and the rippling of leaves had to shade her
languor, her delicious lassitude as she sank down cooled by all the
sweetness of nature satisfied.  Our friends, how seldom visited,
how little known--it is true; and yet, when I meet an unknown
person, and try to break off, here at this table, what I call "my
life", it is not one life that I look back upon; I am not one
person; I am many people; I do not altogether know who I am--Jinny,
Susan, Neville, Rhoda, or Louis; or how to distinguish my life from
theirs.

'So I thought that night in early autumn when we came together and
dined once more at Hampton Court.  Our discomfort was at first
considerable, for each by that time was committed to a statement,
and the other person coming along the road to the meeting-place
dressed like this or that, with a stick or without, seemed to
contradict it.  I saw Jinny look at Susan's earthy fingers and then
hide her own; I, considering Neville, so neat and exact, felt the
nebulosity of my own life blurred with all these phrases.  He then
boasted, because he was ashamed of one room and one person and his
own success.  Louis and Rhoda, the conspirators, the spies at
table, who take notes, felt, "After all, Bernard can make the
waiter fetch us rolls--a contact denied us."  We saw for a moment
laid out among us the body of the complete human being whom we have
failed to be, but at the same time, cannot forget.  All that we
might have been we saw; all that we had missed, and we grudged for
a moment the other's claim, as children when the cake is cut, the
one cake, the only cake, watch their slice diminishing.

'However, we had our bottle of wine, and under that seduction lost
our enmity, and stopped comparing.  And, half-way through dinner,
we felt enlarge itself round us the huge blackness of what is
outside us, of what we are not.  The wind, the rush of wheels
became the roar of time, and we rushed--where?  And who were we?
We were extinguished for a moment, went out like sparks in burnt
paper and the blackness roared.  Past time, past history we went.
For me this lasts but one second.  It is ended by my own pugnacity.
I strike the table with a spoon.  If I could measure things with
compasses I would, but since my only measure is a phrase, I make
phrases--I forget what, on this occasion.  We became six people at
a table in Hampton Court.  We rose and walked together down the
avenue.  In the thin, the unreal twilight, fitfully like the echo
of voices laughing down some alley, geniality returned to me and
flesh.  Against the gateway, against some cedar tree I saw blaze
bright, Neville, Jinny, Rhoda, Louis, Susan, and myself, our life,
our identity.  Still King William seemed an unreal monarch and his
crown mere tinsel.  But we--against the brick, against the
branches, we six, out of how many million millions, for one moment
out of what measureless abundance of past time and time to come,
burnt there triumphant.  The moment was all; the moment was enough.
And then Neville, Jinny, Susan and I, as a wave breaks, burst
asunder, surrendered--to the next leaf, to the precise bird, to a
child with a hoop, to a prancing dog, to the warmth that is hoarded
in woods after a hot day, to the lights twisted like white ribbon
on rippled waters.  We drew apart; we were consumed in the darkness
of the trees, leaving Rhoda and Louis to stand on the terrace by
the urn.

'When we emerged from that immersion--how sweet, how deep!--and
came to the surface and saw the conspirators still standing there
it was with some compunction.  We had lost what they had kept.  We
interrupted.  But we were tired, and whether it had been good or
bad, accomplished or left undone, the dusky veil was falling upon
our endeavours; the lights were sinking as we paused for a moment
upon the terrace that overlooks the river.  The steamers were
landing their trippers on the bank; there was a distant cheering,
the sound of singing, as if people waved their hats and joined in
some last song.  The sound of the chorus came across the water and
I felt leap up that old impulse, which has moved me all my life, to
be thrown up and down on the roar of other people's voices, singing
the same song; to be tossed up and down on the roar of almost
senseless merriment, sentiment, triumph, desire.  But not now.  No!
I could not collect myself; I could not distinguish myself; I could
not help letting fall the things that had made me a minute ago
eager, amused, jealous, vigilant, and hosts of other things, into
the water.  I could not recover myself from that endless throwing
away, dissipation, flooding forth without our willing it and
rushing soundlessly away out there under the arches of the bridge,
round some clump of trees or an island, out where sea-birds sit on
stakes, over the roughened water to become waves in the sea--I
could not recover myself from that dissipation.  So we parted.

'Was this, then, this streaming away mixed with Susan, Jinny,
Neville, Rhoda, Louis, a sort of death?  A new assembly of
elements?  Some hint of what was to come?  The note was scribbled,
the book shut, for I am an intermittent student.  I do not say my
lessons by any means at the stated hour.  Later, walking down Fleet
Street at the rush hour, I recalled that moment; I continued it.
"Must I for ever," I said, "beat my spoon on the table-cloth?
Shall I not, too, consent?"  The omnibuses were clogged; one came
up behind another and stopped with a click, like a link added to a
stone chain.  People passed.

'Multitudinous, carrying attache-cases, dodging with incredible
celerity in and out, they went past like a river in spate.  They
went past roaring like a train in a tunnel.  Seizing my chance I
crossed; dived down a dark passage and entered the shop where they
cut my hair.  I leant my head back and was swathed in a sheet.
Looking-glasses confronted me in which I could see my pinioned body
and people passing; stopping, looking, and going on indifferent.
The hairdresser began to move his scissors to and fro.  I felt
myself powerless to stop the oscillations of the cold steel.  So we
are cut and laid in swaths, I said; so we lie side by side on the
damp meadows, withered branches and flowering.  We have no more to
expose ourselves on the bare hedges to the wind and snow; no more
to carry ourselves erect when the gale sweeps, to bear our burden
upheld; or stay, unmurmuring, on those pallid noondays when the
bird creeps close to the bough and the damp whitens the leaf.  We
are cut, we are fallen.  We are become part of that unfeeling
universe that sleeps when we are at our quickest and burns red when
we lie asleep.  We have renounced our station and lie now flat,
withered and how soon forgotten!  Upon which I saw an expression in
the tail of the eye of the hairdresser as if something interested
him in the street.

'What interested the hairdresser?  What did the hairdresser see in
the street?  It is thus that I am recalled.  (For I am no mystic;
something always plucks at me--curiosity, envy, admiration,
interest in hairdressers and the like bring me to the surface.)
While he brushed the fluff from my coat I took pains to assure
myself of his identity, and then, swinging my stick, I went into
the Strand, and evoked to serve as opposite to myself the figure of
Rhoda, always so furtive, always with fear in her eyes, always
seeking some pillar in the desert, to find which she had gone; she
had killed herself.  "Wait," I said, putting my arm in imagination
(thus we consort with our friends) through her arm.  "Wait until
these omnibuses have gone by.  Do not cross so dangerously.  These
men are your brothers."  In persuading her I was also persuading my
own soul.  For this is not one life; nor do I always know if I am
man or woman, Bernard or Neville, Louis, Susan, Jinny, or Rhoda--so
strange is the contact of one with another.

'Swinging my stick, with my hair newly cut and the nape of my neck
tingling, I went past all those trays of penny toys imported from
Germany that men hold out in the street by St Paul's--St Paul's,
the brooding hen with spread wings from whose shelter run omnibuses
and streams of men and women at the rush hour.  I thought how Louis
would mount those steps in his neat suit with his cane in his hand
and his angular, rather detached gait.  With his Australian accent
("My father, a banker at Brisbane") he would come, I thought, with
greater respect to these old ceremonies than I do, who have heard
the same lullabies for a thousand years.  I am always impressed, as
I enter, by the rubbed roses; the polished brasses; the flapping
and the chanting, while one boy's voice wails round the dome like
some lost and wandering dove.  The recumbency and the peace of the
dead impress me--warriors at rest under their old banners.  Then I
scoff at the floridity and absurdity of some scrolloping tomb; and
the trumpets and the victories and the coats of arms and the
certainty, so sonorously repeated, of resurrection, of eternal
life.  My wandering and inquisitive eye then shows me an awe-
stricken child; a shuffling pensioner; or the obeisances of tired
shop-girls burdened with heaven knows what strife in their poor
thin breasts come to solace themselves in the rush hour.  I stray
and look and wonder, and sometimes, rather furtively, try to rise
on the shaft of somebody else's prayer into the dome, out, beyond,
wherever they go.  But then like the lost and wailing dove, I find
myself failing, fluttering, descending and perching upon some
curious gargoyle, some battered nose or absurd tombstone, with
humour, with wonder, and so again watch the sightseers with their
Baedekers shuffling past, while the boy's voice soars in the dome
and the organ now and then indulges in a moment of elephantine
triumph.  How then, I asked, would Louis roof us all in?  How would
he confine us, make us one, with his red ink, with his very fine
nib?  The voice petered out in the dome, wailing.

'So into the street again, swinging my stick, looking at wire trays
in stationers' shop-windows, at baskets of fruit grown in the
colonies, murmuring Pillicock sat on Pillicock's hill, or Hark,
hark, the dogs do bark, or The World's great age begins anew, or
Come away, come away, death--mingling nonsense and poetry, floating
in the stream.  Something always has to be done next.  Tuesday
follows Monday: Wednesday, Tuesday.  Each spreads the same ripple.
The being grows rings, like a tree.  Like a tree, leaves fall.

'For one day as I leant over a gate that led into a field, the
rhythm stopped; the rhymes and the hummings, the nonsense and the
poetry.  A space was cleared in my mind.  I saw through the thick
leaves of habit.  Leaning over the gate I regretted so much litter,
so much unaccomplishment and separation, for one cannot cross
London to see a friend, life being so full of engagements; nor take
ship to India and see a naked man spearing fish in blue water.  I
said life had been imperfect, an unfinishing phrase.  It had been
impossible for me, taking snuff as I do from any bagman met in a
train, to keep coherency--that sense of the generations, of women
carrying red pitchers to the Nile, of the nightingale who sings
among conquests and migrations.  It had been too vast an
undertaking, I said, and how can I go on lifting my foot
perpetually to climb the stair?  I addressed myself as one would
speak to a companion with whom one is voyaging to the North Pole.

'I spoke to that self who had been with me in many tremendous
adventures; the faithful man who sits over the fire when everybody
has gone to bed, stirring the cinders with a poker; the man who has
been so mysteriously and with sudden accretions of being built up,
in a beech wood, sitting by a willow tree on a bank, leaning over a
parapet at Hampton Court; the man who has collected himself in
moments of emergency and banged his spoon on the table, saying, "I
will not consent."

'This self now as I leant over the gate looking down over fields
rolling in waves of colour beneath me made no answer.  He threw up
no opposition.  He attempted no phrase.  His fist did not form.  I
waited.  I listened.  Nothing came, nothing.  I cried then with a
sudden conviction of complete desertion, Now there is nothing.  No
fin breaks the waste of this immeasurable sea.  Life has destroyed
me.  No echo comes when I speak, no varied words.  This is more
truly death than the death of friends, than the death of youth.  I
am the swathed figure in the hairdresser's shop taking up only so
much space.

'The scene beneath me withered.  It was like the eclipse when the
sun went out and left the earth, flourishing in full summer
foliage, withered, brittle, false.  Also I saw on a winding road in
a dust dance the groups we had made, how they came together, how
they ate together, how they met in this room or that.  I saw my own
indefatigable busyness--how I had rushed from one to the other,
fetched and carried, travelled and returned, joined this group and
that, here kissed, here withdrawn; always kept hard at it by some
extraordinary purpose, with my nose to the ground like a dog on the
scent; with an occasional toss of the head, an occasional cry of
amazement, despair and then back again with my nose to the scent.
What a litter--what a confusion; with here birth, here death;
succulence and sweetness; effort and anguish; and myself always
running hither and thither.  Now it was done with.  I had no more
appetites to glut; no more stings in me with which to poison
people; no more sharp teeth and clutching hands or desire to feel
the pear and the grape and the sun beating down from the orchard
wall.

'The woods had vanished; the earth was a waste of shadow.  No sound
broke the silence of the wintry landscape.  No cock crowed; no
smoke rose; no train moved.  A man without a self, I said.  A heavy
body leaning on a gate.  A dead man.  With dispassionate despair,
with entire disillusionment, I surveyed the dust dance; my life, my
friends' lives, and those fabulous presences, men with brooms,
women writing, the willow tree by the river--clouds and phantoms
made of dust too, of dust that changed, as clouds lose and gain and
take gold or red and lose their summits and billow this way and
that, mutable, vain.  I, carrying a notebook, making phrases, had
recorded mere changes; a shadow.  I had been sedulous to take note
of shadows.  How can I proceed now, I said, without a self,
weightless and visionless, through a world weightless, without
illusion?

'The heaviness of my despondency thrust open the gate I leant on
and pushed me, an elderly man, a heavy man with grey hair, through
the colourless field, the empty field.  No more to hear echoes, no
more to see phantoms, to conjure up no opposition, but to walk
always unshadowed, making no impress upon the dead earth.  If even
there had been sheep munching, pushing one foot after another, or a
bird, or a man driving a spade into the earth, had there been a
bramble to trip me, or a ditch, damp with soaked leaves, into which
to fall--but no, the melancholy path led along the level, to more
wintriness and pallor and the equal and uninteresting view of the
same landscape.

'How then does light return to the world after the eclipse of the
sun?  Miraculously.  Frailly.  In thin stripes.  It hangs like a
glass cage.  It is a hoop to be fractured by a tiny jar.  There is
a spark there.  Next moment a flush of dun.  Then a vapour as if
earth were breathing in and out, once, twice, for the first time.
Then under the dullness someone walks with a green light.  Then off
twists a white wraith.  The woods throb blue and green, and
gradually the fields drink in red, gold, brown.  Suddenly a river
snatches a blue light.  The earth absorbs colour like a sponge
slowly drinking water.  It puts on weight; rounds itself; hangs
pendent; settles and swings beneath our feet.

'So the landscape returned to me; so I saw the fields rolling in
waves of colour beneath me, but now with this difference; I saw but
was not seen.  I walked unshadowed; I came unheralded.  From me had
dropped the old cloak, the old response; the hollowed hand that
beats back sounds.  Thin as a ghost, leaving no trace where I trod,
perceiving merely, I walked alone in a new world, never trodden;
brushing new flowers, unable to speak save in a child's words of
one syllable; without shelter from phrases--I who have made so
many; unattended, I who have always gone with my kind; solitary, I
who have always had someone to share the empty grate, or the
cupboard with its hanging loop of gold.

'But how describe the world seen without a self?  There are no
words.  Blue, red--even they distract, even they hide with
thickness instead of letting the light through.  How describe or
say anything in articulate words again?--save that it fades, save
that it undergoes a gradual transformation, becomes, even in the
course of one short walk, habitual--this scene also.  Blindness
returns as one moves and one leaf repeats another.  Loveliness
returns as one looks, with all its train of phantom phrases.  One
breathes in and out substantial breath; down in the valley the
train draws across the fields lop-eared with smoke.

'But for a moment I had sat on the turf somewhere high above the
flow of the sea and the sound of the woods, had seen the house, the
garden, and the waves breaking.  The old nurse who turns the pages
of the picture-book had stopped and had said, "Look.  This is the
truth."

'So I was thinking as I came along Shaftesbury Avenue to-night.  I
was thinking of that page in the picture-book.  And when I met you
in the place where one goes to hang up one's coat I said to myself,
"It does not matter whom I meet.  All this little affair of 'being'
is over.  Who this is I do not know; nor care; we will dine
together."  So I hung up my coat, tapped you on the shoulder, and
said, "Sit with me."

'Now the meal is finished; we are surrounded by peelings and
breadcrumbs.  I have tried to break off this bunch and hand it you;
but whether there is substance or truth in it I do not know.  Nor
do I know exactly where we are.  What city does that stretch of sky
look down upon?  Is it Paris, is it London where we sit, or some
southern city of pink-washed houses lying under cypresses, under
high mountains, where eagles soar?  I do not at this moment feel
certain.

'I begin now to forget; I begin to doubt the fixity of tables, the
reality of here and now, to tap my knuckles smartly upon the edges
of apparently solid objects and say, "Are you hard?"  I have seen
so many different things, have made so many different sentences.  I
have lost in the process of eating and drinking and rubbing my eyes
along surfaces that thin, hard shell which cases the soul, which,
in youth, shuts one in--hence the fierceness, and the tap, tap, tap
of the remorseless beaks of the young.  And now I ask, "Who am I?"
I have been talking of Bernard, Neville, Jinny, Susan, Rhoda and
Louis.  Am I all of them?  Am I one and distinct?  I do not know.
We sat here together.  But now Percival is dead, and Rhoda is dead;
we are divided; we are not here.  Yet I cannot find any obstacle
separating us.  There is no division between me and them.  As I
talked I felt "I am you".  This difference we make so much of, this
identity we so feverishly cherish, was overcome.  Yes, ever since
old Mrs Constable lifted her sponge and pouring warm water over me
covered me with flesh I have been sensitive, percipient.  Here on
my brow is the blow I got when Percival fell.  Here on the nape of
my neck is the kiss Jinny gave Louis.  My eyes fill with Susan's
tears.  I see far away, quivering like a gold thread, the pillar
Rhoda saw, and feel the rush of the wind of her flight when she
leapt.

'Thus when I come to shape here at this table between my hands the
story of my life and set it before you as a complete thing, I have
to recall things gone far, gone deep, sunk into this life or that
and become part of it; dreams, too, things surrounding me, and the
inmates, those old half-articulate ghosts who keep up their
hauntings by day and night; who turn over in their sleep, who utter
their confused cries, who put out their phantom fingers and clutch
at me as I try to escape--shadows of people one might have been;
unborn selves.  There is the old brute, too, the savage, the hairy
man who dabbles his fingers in ropes of entrails; and gobbles and
belches; whose speech is guttural, visceral--well, he is here.  He
squats in me.  To-night he has been feasted on quails, salad, and
sweetbread.  He now holds a glass of fine old brandy in his paw.
He brindles, purrs and shoots warm thrills all down my spine as I
sip.  It is true, he washes his hands before dinner, but they are
still hairy.  He buttons on trousers and waistcoats, but they
contain the same organs.  He jibs if I keep him waiting for dinner.
He mops and mows perpetually, pointing with his half-idiot gestures
of greed and covetousness at what he desires.  I assure you, I have
great difficulty sometimes in controlling him.  That man, the
hairy, the ape-like, has contributed his part to my life.  He has
given a greener glow to green things, has held his torch with its
red flames, its thick and smarting smoke, behind every leaf.  He
has lit up the cool garden even.  He has brandished his torch in
murky by-streets where girls suddenly seem to shine with a red and
intoxicating translucency.  Oh, he has tossed his torch high!  He
has led me wild dances!

'But no more.  Now to-night, my body rises tier upon tier like some
cool temple whose floor is strewn with carpets and murmurs rise and
the altars stand smoking; but up above, here in my serene head,
comes only fine gusts of melody, waves of incense, while the lost
dove wails, and the banners tremble above tombs, and the dark airs
of midnight shake trees outside the open windows.  When I look down
from this transcendency, how beautiful are even the crumbled relics
of bread!  What shapely spirals the peelings of pears make--how
thin, and mottled like some sea-bird's egg.  Even the forks laid
straight side by side appear lucid, logical, exact; and the horns
of the rolls which we have left are glazed, yellow-plated, hard.  I
could worship my hand even, with its fan of bones laced by blue
mysterious veins and its astonishing look of aptness, suppleness
and ability to curl softly or suddenly crush--its infinite
sensibility.

'Immeasurably receptive, holding everything, trembling with
fullness, yet clear, contained--so my being seems, now that desire
urges it no more out and away; now that curiosity no longer dyes it
a thousand colours.  It lies deep, tideless, immune, now that he is
dead, the man I called "Bernard", the man who kept a book in his
pocket in which he made notes--phrases for the moon, notes of
features; how people looked, turned, dropped their cigarette ends;
under B, butterfly powder, under D, ways of naming death.  But now
let the door open, the glass door that is for ever turning on its
hinges.  Let a woman come, let a young man in evening-dress with a
moustache sit down: is there anything that they can tell me?  No!
I know all that, too.  And if she suddenly gets up and goes, "My
dear," I say, "you no longer make me look after you."  The shock of
the falling wave which has sounded all my life, which woke me so
that I saw the gold loop on the cupboard, no longer makes quiver
what I hold.

'So now, taking upon me the mystery of things, I could go like a
spy without leaving this place, without stirring from my chair.  I
can visit the remote verges of the desert lands where the savage
sits by the camp-fire.  Day rises; the girl lifts the watery fire-
hearted jewels to her brow; the sun levels his beams straight at
the sleeping house; the waves deepen their bars; they fling
themselves on shore; back blows the spray; sweeping their waters
they surround the boat and the sea-holly.  The birds sing in
chorus; deep tunnels run between the stalks of flowers; the house
is whitened; the sleeper stretches; gradually all is astir.  Light
floods the room and drives shadow beyond shadow to where they hang
in folds inscrutable.  What does the central shadow hold?
Something?  Nothing?  I do not know.

'Oh, but there is your face.  I catch your eye.  I, who had been
thinking myself so vast, a temple, a church, a whole universe,
unconfined and capable of being everywhere on the verge of things
and here too, am now nothing but what you see--an elderly man,
rather heavy, grey above the ears, who (I see myself in the glass)
leans one elbow on the table, and holds in his left hand a glass of
old brandy.  That is the blow you have dealt me.  I have walked
bang into the pillar-box.  I reel from side to side.  I put my
hands to my head.  My hat is off--I have dropped my stick.  I have
made an awful ass of myself and am justly laughed at by any passer-
by.

'Lord, how unutterably disgusting life is!  What dirty tricks it
plays us, one moment free; the next, this.  Here we are among the
breadcrumbs and the stained napkins again.  That knife is already
congealing with grease.  Disorder, sordidity and corruption
surround us.  We have been taking into our mouths the bodies of
dead birds.  It is with these greasy crumbs, slobbered over
napkins, and little corpses that we have to build.  Always it
begins again; always there is the enemy; eyes meeting ours; fingers
twitching ours; the effort waiting.  Call the waiter.  Pay the
bill.  We must pull ourselves up out of our chairs.  We must find
our coats.  We must go.  Must, must, must--detestable word.  Once
more, I who had thought myself immune, who had said, "Now I am rid
of all that," find that the wave has tumbled me over, head over
heels, scattering my possessions, leaving me to collect, to
assemble, to heap together, summon my forces, rise and confront the
enemy.

'It is strange that we, who are capable of so much suffering,
should inflict so much suffering.  Strange that the face of a
person whom I scarcely know save that I think we met once on the
gangway of a ship bound for Africa--a mere adumbration of eyes,
cheeks, nostrils--should have power to inflict this insult.  You
look, eat, smile, are bored, pleased, annoyed--that is all I know.
Yet this shadow which has sat by me for an hour or two, this mask
from which peep two eyes, has power to drive me back, to pinion me
down among all those other faces, to shut me in a hot room; to send
me dashing like a moth from candle to candle.

'But wait.  While they add up the bill behind the screen, wait one
moment.  Now that I have reviled you for the blow that sent me
staggering among peelings and crumblings and old scraps of meat, I
will record in words of one syllable how also under your gaze with
that compulsion on me I begin to perceive this, that and the other.
The clock ticks; the woman sneezes; the waiter comes--there is a
gradual coming together, running into one, acceleration and
unification.  Listen: a whistle sounds, wheels rush, the door
creaks on its hinges.  I regain the sense of the complexity and the
reality and the struggle, for which I thank you.  And with some
pity, some envy and much good will, take your hand and bid you good
night.

'Heaven be praised for solitude!  I am alone now.  That almost
unknown person has gone, to catch some train, to take some cab, to
go to some place or person whom I do not know.  The face looking at
me has gone.  The pressure is removed.  Here are empty coffee-cups.
Here are chairs turned but nobody sits on them.  Here are empty
tables and nobody any more coming to dine at them to-night.

'Let me now raise my song of glory.  Heaven be praised for
solitude.  Let me be alone.  Let me cast and throw away this veil
of being, this cloud that changes with the least breath, night and
day, and all night and all day.  While I sat here I have been
changing.  I have watched the sky change.  I have seen clouds cover
the stars, then free the stars, then cover the stars again.  Now I
look at their changing no more.  Now no one sees me and I change no
more.  Heaven be praised for solitude that has removed the pressure
of the eye, the solicitation of the body, and all need of lies and
phrases.

'My book, stuffed with phrases, has dropped to the floor.  It lies
under the table, to be swept up by the charwoman when she comes
wearily at dawn looking for scraps of paper, old tram tickets, and
here and there a note screwed into a ball and left with the litter
to be swept up.  What is the phrase for the moon?  And the phrase
for love?  By what name are we to call death?  I do not know.  I
need a little language such as lovers use, words of one syllable
such as children speak when they come into the room and find their
mother sewing and pick up some scrap of bright wool, a feather, or
a shred of chintz.  I need a howl; a cry.  When the storm crosses
the marsh and sweeps over me where I lie in the ditch unregarded I
need no words.  Nothing neat.  Nothing that comes down with all its
feet on the floor.  None of those resonances and lovely echoes that
break and chime from nerve to nerve in our breasts, making wild
music, false phrases.  I have done with phrases.

'How much better is silence; the coffee-cup, the table.  How much
better to sit by myself like the solitary sea-bird that opens its
wings on the stake.  Let me sit here for ever with bare things,
this coffee-cup, this knife, this fork, things in themselves,
myself being myself.  Do not come and worry me with your hints that
it is time to shut the shop and be gone.  I would willingly give
all my money that you should not disturb me but will let me sit on
and on, silent, alone.

'But now the head waiter, who has finished his own meal, appears
and frowns; he takes his muffler from his pocket and ostentatiously
makes ready to go.  They must go; must put up the shutters, most
fold the table-cloths, and give one brush with a wet mop under the
tables.

'Curse you then.  However beat and done with it all I am, I must
haul myself up, and find the particular coat that belongs to me;
must push my arms into the sleeves; must muffle myself up against
the night air and be off.  I, I, I, tired as I am, spent as I am,
and almost worn out with all this rubbing of my nose along the
surfaces of things, even I, an elderly man who is getting rather
heavy and dislikes exertion, must take myself off and catch some
last train.

'Again I see before me the usual street.  The canopy of
civilization is burnt out.  The sky is dark as polished whalebone.
But there is a kindling in the sky whether of lamplight or of dawn.
There is a stir of some sort--sparrows on plane trees somewhere
chirping.  There is a sense of the break of day.  I will not call
it dawn.  What is dawn in the city to an elderly man standing in
the street looking up rather dizzily at the sky?  Dawn is some sort
of whitening of the sky; some sort of renewal.  Another day;
another Friday; another twentieth of March, January, or September.
Another general awakening.  The stars draw back and are
extinguished.  The bars deepen themselves between the waves.  The
film of mist thickens on the fields.  A redness gathers on the
roses, even on the pale rose that hangs by the bedroom window.  A
bird chirps.  Cottagers light their early candles.  Yes, this is
the eternal renewal, the incessant rise and fall and fall and rise
again.

'And in me too the wave rises.  It swells; it arches its back.  I
am aware once more of a new desire, something rising beneath me
like the proud horse whose rider first spurs and then pulls him
back.  What enemy do we now perceive advancing against us, you whom
I ride now, as we stand pawing this stretch of pavement?  It is
death.  Death is the enemy.  It is death against whom I ride with
my spear couched and my hair flying back like a young man's, like
Percival's, when he galloped in India.  I strike spurs into my
horse.  Against you I will fling myself, unvanquished and
unyielding, O Death!'




The waves broke on the shore.


Mrs. Dalloway said she would buy the flowers herself.

For Lucy had her work cut out for her. The doors would be taken off their hinges; Rumpelmayer's men were coming. And then, thought Clarissa Dalloway, what a morning--fresh as if issued to children on a beach.

What a lark! What a plunge! For so it had always seemed to her, when, with a little squeak of the hinges, which she could hear now, she had burst open the French windows and plunged at Bourton into the open air. How fresh, how calm, stiller than this of course, the air was in the early morning; like the flap of a wave; the kiss of a wave; chill and sharp and yet (for a girl of eighteen as she then was) solemn, feeling as she did, standing there at the open window, that something awful was about to happen; looking at the flowers, at the trees with the smoke winding off them and the rooks rising, falling; standing and looking until Peter Walsh said, "Musing among the vegetables?"--was that it?--"I prefer men to cauliflowers"--was that it? He must have said it at breakfast one morning when she had gone out on to the terrace--Peter Walsh. He would be back from India one of these days, June or July, she forgot which, for his letters were awfully dull; it was his sayings one remembered; his eyes, his pocket-knife, his smile, his grumpiness and, when millions of things had utterly vanished--how strange it was!--a few sayings like this about cabbages.

She stiffened a little on the kerb, waiting for Durtnall's van to pass. A charming woman, Scrope Purvis thought her (knowing her as one does know people who live next door to one in Westminster); a touch of the bird about her, of the jay, blue-green, light, vivacious, though she was over fifty, and grown very white since her illness. There she perched, never seeing him, waiting to cross, very upright.

For having lived in Westminster--how many years now? over twenty,--one feels even in the midst of the traffic, or waking at night, Clarissa was positive, a particular hush, or solemnity; an indescribable pause; a suspense (but that might be her heart, affected, they said, by influenza) before Big Ben strikes. There! Out it boomed. First a warning, musical; then the hour, irrevocable. The leaden circles dissolved in the air. Such fools we are, she thought, crossing Victoria Street. For Heaven only knows why one loves it so, how one sees it so, making it up, building it round one, tumbling it, creating it every moment afresh; but the veriest frumps, the most dejected of miseries sitting on doorsteps (drink their downfall) do the same; can't be dealt with, she felt positive, by Acts of Parliament for that very reason: they love life. In people's eyes, in the swing, tramp, and trudge; in the bellow and the uproar; the carriages, motor cars, omnibuses, vans, sandwich men shuffling and swinging; brass bands; barrel organs; in the triumph and the jingle and the strange high singing of some aeroplane overhead was what she loved; life; London; this moment of June.

For it was the middle of June. The War was over, except for some one like Mrs. Foxcroft at the Embassy last night eating her heart out because that nice boy was killed and now the old Manor House must go to a cousin; or Lady Bexborough who opened a bazaar, they said, with the telegram in her hand, John, her favourite, killed; but it was over; thank Heaven--over. It was June. The King and Queen were at the Palace. And everywhere, though it was still so early, there was a beating, a stirring of galloping ponies, tapping of cricket bats; Lords, Ascot, Ranelagh and all the rest of it; wrapped in the soft mesh of the grey-blue morning air, which, as the day wore on, would unwind them, and set down on their lawns and pitches the bouncing ponies, whose forefeet just struck the ground and up they sprung, the whirling young men, and laughing girls in their transparent muslins who, even now, after dancing all night, were taking their absurd woolly dogs for a run; and even now, at this hour, discreet old dowagers were shooting out in their motor cars on errands of mystery; and the shopkeepers were fidgeting in their windows with their paste and diamonds, their lovely old sea-green brooches in eighteenth-century settings to tempt Americans (but one must economise, not buy things rashly for Elizabeth), and she, too, loving it as she did with an absurd and faithful passion, being part of it, since her people were courtiers once in the time of the Georges, she, too, was going that very night to kindle and illuminate; to give her party. But how strange, on entering the Park, the silence; the mist; the hum; the slow-swimming happy ducks; the pouched birds waddling; and who should be coming along with his back against the Government buildings, most appropriately, carrying a despatch box stamped with the Royal Arms, who but Hugh Whitbread; her old friend Hugh--the admirable Hugh!

"Good-morning to you, Clarissa!" said Hugh, rather extravagantly, for they had known each other as children. "Where are you off to?"

"I love walking in London," said Mrs. Dalloway. "Really it's better than walking in the country."

They had just come up--unfortunately--to see doctors. Other people came to see pictures; go to the opera; take their daughters out; the Whitbreads came "to see doctors." Times without number Clarissa had visited Evelyn Whitbread in a nursing home. Was Evelyn ill again? Evelyn was a good deal out of sorts, said Hugh, intimating by a kind of pout or swell of his very well-covered, manly, extremely handsome, perfectly upholstered body (he was almost too well dressed always, but presumably had to be, with his little job at Court) that his wife had some internal ailment, nothing serious, which, as an old friend, Clarissa Dalloway would quite understand without requiring him to specify. Ah yes, she did of course; what a nuisance; and felt very sisterly and oddly conscious at the same time of her hat. Not the right hat for the early morning, was that it? For Hugh always made her feel, as he bustled on, raising his hat rather extravagantly and assuring her that she might be a girl of eighteen, and of course he was coming to her party to-night, Evelyn absolutely insisted, only a little late he might be after the party at the Palace to which he had to take one of Jim's boys,--she always felt a little skimpy beside Hugh; schoolgirlish; but attached to him, partly from having known him always, but she did think him a good sort in his own way, though Richard was nearly driven mad by him, and as for Peter Walsh, he had never to this day forgiven her for liking him.

She could remember scene after scene at Bourton--Peter furious; Hugh not, of course, his match in any way, but still not a positive imbecile as Peter made out; not a mere barber's block. When his old mother wanted him to give up shooting or to take her to Bath he did it, without a word; he was really unselfish, and as for saying, as Peter did, that he had no heart, no brain, nothing but the manners and breeding of an English gentleman, that was only her dear Peter at his worst; and he could be intolerable; he could be impossible; but adorable to walk with on a morning like this.

(June had drawn out every leaf on the trees. The mothers of Pimlico gave suck to their young. Messages were passing from the Fleet to the Admiralty. Arlington Street and Piccadilly seemed to chafe the very air in the Park and lift its leaves hotly, brilliantly, on waves of that divine vitality which Clarissa loved. To dance, to ride, she had adored all that.)

For they might be parted for hundreds of years, she and Peter; she never wrote a letter and his were dry sticks; but suddenly it would come over her, If he were with me now what would he say?--some days, some sights bringing him back to her calmly, without the old bitterness; which perhaps was the reward of having cared for people; they came back in the middle of St. James's Park on a fine morning--indeed they did. But Peter--however beautiful the day might be, and the trees and the grass, and the little girl in pink--Peter never saw a thing of all that. He would put on his spectacles, if she told him to; he would look. It was the state of the world that interested him; Wagner, Pope's poetry, people's characters eternally, and the defects of her own soul. How he scolded her! How they argued! She would marry a Prime Minister and stand at the top of a staircase; the perfect hostess he called her (she had cried over it in her bedroom), she had the makings of the perfect hostess, he said.

So she would still find herself arguing in St. James's Park, still making out that she had been right--and she had too--not to marry him. For in marriage a little licence, a little independence there must be between people living together day in day out in the same house; which Richard gave her, and she him. (Where was he this morning for instance? Some committee, she never asked what.) But with Peter everything had to be shared; everything gone into. And it was intolerable, and when it came to that scene in the little garden by the fountain, she had to break with him or they would have been destroyed, both of them ruined, she was convinced; though she had borne about with her for years like an arrow sticking in her heart the grief, the anguish; and then the horror of the moment when some one told her at a concert that he had married a woman met on the boat going to India! Never should she forget all that! Cold, heartless, a prude, he called her. Never could she understand how he cared. But those Indian women did presumably--silly, pretty, flimsy nincompoops. And she wasted her pity. For he was quite happy, he assured her--perfectly happy, though he had never done a thing that they talked of; his whole life had been a failure. It made her angry still.

She had reached the Park gates. She stood for a moment, looking at the omnibuses in Piccadilly.

She would not say of any one in the world now that they were this or were that. She felt very young; at the same time unspeakably aged. She sliced like a knife through everything; at the same time was outside, looking on. She had a perpetual sense, as she watched the taxi cabs, of being out, out, far out to sea and alone; she always had the feeling that it was very, very dangerous to live even one day. Not that she thought herself clever, or much out of the ordinary. How she had got through life on the few twigs of knowledge Frulein Daniels gave them she could not think. She knew nothing; no language, no history; she scarcely read a book now, except memoirs in bed; and yet to her it was absolutely absorbing; all this; the cabs passing; and she would not say of Peter, she would not say of herself, I am this, I am that.

Her only gift was knowing people almost by instinct, she thought, walking on. If you put her in a room with some one, up went her back like a cat's; or she purred. Devonshire House, Bath House, the house with the china cockatoo, she had seen them all lit up once; and remembered Sylvia, Fred, Sally Seton--such hosts of people; and dancing all night; and the waggons plodding past to market; and driving home across the Park. She remembered once throwing a shilling into the Serpentine. But every one remembered; what she loved was this, here, now, in front of her; the fat lady in the cab. Did it matter then, she asked herself, walking towards Bond Street, did it matter that she must inevitably cease completely; all this must go on without her; did she resent it; or did it not become consoling to believe that death ended absolutely? but that somehow in the streets of London, on the ebb and flow of things, here, there, she survived, Peter survived, lived in each other, she being part, she was positive, of the trees at home; of the house there, ugly, rambling all to bits and pieces as it was; part of people she had never met; being laid out like a mist between the people she knew best, who lifted her on their branches as she had seen the trees lift the mist, but it spread ever so far, her life, herself. But what was she dreaming as she looked into Hatchards' shop window? What was she trying to recover? What image of white dawn in the country, as she read in the book spread open:

 

Fear no more the heat o' the sun
Nor the furious winter's rages.

 

This late age of the world's experience had bred in them all, all men and women, a well of tears. Tears and sorrows; courage and endurance; a perfectly upright and stoical bearing. Think, for example, of the woman she admired most, Lady Bexborough, opening the bazaar.

There were Jorrocks' Jaunts and Jollities; there were Soapy Sponge and Mrs. Asquith's Memoirs and Big Game Shooting in Nigeria, all spread open. Ever so many books there were; but none that seemed exactly right to take to Evelyn Whitbread in her nursing home. Nothing that would serve to amuse her and make that indescribably dried-up little woman look, as Clarissa came in, just for a moment cordial; before they settled down for the usual interminable talk of women's ailments. How much she wanted it--that people should look pleased as she came in, Clarissa thought and turned and walked back towards Bond Street, annoyed, because it was silly to have other reasons for doing things. Much rather would she have been one of those people like Richard who did things for themselves, whereas, she thought, waiting to cross, half the time she did things not simply, not for themselves; but to make people think this or that; perfect idiocy she knew (and now the policeman held up his hand) for no one was ever for a second taken in. Oh if she could have had her life over again! she thought, stepping on to the pavement, could have looked even differently!

She would have been, in the first place, dark like Lady Bexborough, with a skin of crumpled leather and beautiful eyes. She would have been, like Lady Bexborough, slow and stately; rather large; interested in politics like a man; with a country house; very dignified, very sincere. Instead of which she had a narrow pea-stick figure; a ridiculous little face, beaked like a bird's. That she held herself well was true; and had nice hands and feet; and dressed well, considering that she spent little. But often now this body she wore (she stopped to look at a Dutch picture), this body, with all its capacities, seemed nothing--nothing at all. She had the oddest sense of being herself invisible; unseen; unknown; there being no more marrying, no more having of children now, but only this astonishing and rather solemn progress with the rest of them, up Bond Street, this being Mrs. Dalloway; not even Clarissa any more; this being Mrs. Richard Dalloway.

Bond Street fascinated her; Bond Street early in the morning in the season; its flags flying; its shops; no splash; no glitter; one roll of tweed in the shop where her father had bought his suits for fifty years; a few pearls; salmon on an iceblock.

"That is all," she said, looking at the fishmonger's. "That is all," she repeated, pausing for a moment at the window of a glove shop where, before the War, you could buy almost perfect gloves. And her old Uncle William used to say a lady is known by her shoes and her gloves. He had turned on his bed one morning in the middle of the War. He had said, "I have had enough." Gloves and shoes; she had a passion for gloves; but her own daughter, her Elizabeth, cared not a straw for either of them.

Not a straw, she thought, going on up Bond Street to a shop where they kept flowers for her when she gave a party. Elizabeth really cared for her dog most of all. The whole house this morning smelt of tar. Still, better poor Grizzle than Miss Kilman; better distemper and tar and all the rest of it than sitting mewed in a stuffy bedroom with a prayer book! Better anything, she was inclined to say. But it might be only a phase, as Richard said, such as all girls go through. It might be falling in love. But why with Miss Kilman? who had been badly treated of course; one must make allowances for that, and Richard said she was very able, had a really historical mind. Anyhow they were inseparable, and Elizabeth, her own daughter, went to Communion; and how she dressed, how she treated people who came to lunch she did not care a bit, it being her experience that the religious ecstasy made people callous (so did causes); dulled their feelings, for Miss Kilman would do anything for the Russians, starved herself for the Austrians, but in private inflicted positive torture, so insensitive was she, dressed in a green mackintosh coat. Year in year out she wore that coat; she perspired; she was never in the room five minutes without making you feel her superiority, your inferiority; how poor she was; how rich you were; how she lived in a slum without a cushion or a bed or a rug or whatever it might be, all her soul rusted with that grievance sticking in it, her dismissal from school during the War--poor embittered unfortunate creature! For it was not her one hated but the idea of her, which undoubtedly had gathered in to itself a great deal that was not Miss Kilman; had become one of those spectres with which one battles in the night; one of those spectres who stand astride us and suck up half our life-blood, dominators and tyrants; for no doubt with another throw of the dice, had the black been uppermost and not the white, she would have loved Miss Kilman! But not in this world. No.

It rasped her, though, to have stirring about in her this brutal monster! to hear twigs cracking and feel hooves planted down in the depths of that leaf-encumbered forest, the soul; never to be content quite, or quite secure, for at any moment the brute would be stirring, this hatred, which, especially since her illness, had power to make her feel scraped, hurt in her spine; gave her physical pain, and made all pleasure in beauty, in friendship, in being well, in being loved and making her home delightful rock, quiver, and bend as if indeed there were a monster grubbing at the roots, as if the whole panoply of content were nothing but self love! this hatred!

Nonsense, nonsense! she cried to herself, pushing through the swing doors of Mulberry's the florists.

She advanced, light, tall, very upright, to be greeted at once by button-faced Miss Pym, whose hands were always bright red, as if they had been stood in cold water with the flowers.

There were flowers: delphiniums, sweet peas, bunches of lilac; and carnations, masses of carnations. There were roses; there were irises. Ah yes--so she breathed in the earthy garden sweet smell as she stood talking to Miss Pym who owed her help, and thought her kind, for kind she had been years ago; very kind, but she looked older, this year, turning her head from side to side among the irises and roses and nodding tufts of lilac with her eyes half closed, snuffing in, after the street uproar, the delicious scent, the exquisite coolness. And then, opening her eyes, how fresh like frilled linen clean from a laundry laid in wicker trays the roses looked; and dark and prim the red carnations, holding their heads up; and all the sweet peas spreading in their bowls, tinged violet, snow white, pale--as if it were the evening and girls in muslin frocks came out to pick sweet peas and roses after the superb summer's day, with its almost blue-black sky, its delphiniums, its carnations, its arum lilies was over; and it was the moment between six and seven when every flower--roses, carnations, irises, lilac--glows; white, violet, red, deep orange; every flower seems to burn by itself, softly, purely in the misty beds; and how she loved the grey-white moths spinning in and out, over the cherry pie, over the evening primroses!

And as she began to go with Miss Pym from jar to jar, choosing, nonsense, nonsense, she said to herself, more and more gently, as if this beauty, this scent, this colour, and Miss Pym liking her, trusting her, were a wave which she let flow over her and surmount that hatred, that monster, surmount it all; and it lifted her up and up when--oh! a pistol shot in the street outside!

"Dear, those motor cars," said Miss Pym, going to the window to look, and coming back and smiling apologetically with her hands full of sweet peas, as if those motor cars, those tyres of motor cars, were all her fault.

 

 

The violent explosion which made Mrs. Dalloway jump and Miss Pym go to the window and apologise came from a motor car which had drawn to the side of the pavement precisely opposite Mulberry's shop window. Passers-by who, of course, stopped and stared, had just time to see a face of the very greatest importance against the dove-grey upholstery, before a male hand drew the blind and there was nothing to be seen except a square of dove grey.

Yet rumours were at once in circulation from the middle of Bond Street to Oxford Street on one side, to Atkinson's scent shop on the other, passing invisibly, inaudibly, like a cloud, swift, veil-like upon hills, falling indeed with something of a cloud's sudden sobriety and stillness upon faces which a second before had been utterly disorderly. But now mystery had brushed them with her wing; they had heard the voice of authority; the spirit of religion was abroad with her eyes bandaged tight and her lips gaping wide. But nobody knew whose face had been seen. Was it the Prince of Wales's, the Queen's, the Prime Minister's? Whose face was it? Nobody knew.

Edgar J. Watkiss, with his roll of lead piping round his arm, said audibly, humorously of course: "The Proime Minister's kyar."

Septimus Warren Smith, who found himself unable to pass, heard him.

Septimus Warren Smith, aged about thirty, pale-faced, beak-nosed, wearing brown shoes and a shabby overcoat, with hazel eyes which had that look of apprehension in them which makes complete strangers apprehensive too. The world has raised its whip; where will it descend?

Everything had come to a standstill. The throb of the motor engines sounded like a pulse irregularly drumming through an entire body. The sun became extraordinarily hot because the motor car had stopped outside Mulberry's shop window; old ladies on the tops of omnibuses spread their black parasols; here a green, here a red parasol opened with a little pop. Mrs. Dalloway, coming to the window with her arms full of sweet peas, looked out with her little pink face pursed in enquiry. Every one looked at the motor car. Septimus looked. Boys on bicycles sprang off. Traffic accumulated. And there the motor car stood, with drawn blinds, and upon them a curious pattern like a tree, Septimus thought, and this gradual drawing together of everything to one centre before his eyes, as if some horror had come almost to the surface and was about to burst into flames, terrified him. The world wavered and quivered and threatened to burst into flames. It is I who am blocking the way, he thought. Was he not being looked at and pointed at; was he not weighted there, rooted to the pavement, for a purpose? But for what purpose?

"Let us go on, Septimus," said his wife, a little woman, with large eyes in a sallow pointed face; an Italian girl.

But Lucrezia herself could not help looking at the motor car and the tree pattern on the blinds. Was it the Queen in there--the Queen going shopping?

The chauffeur, who had been opening something, turning something, shutting something, got on to the box.

"Come on," said Lucrezia.

But her husband, for they had been married four, five years now, jumped, started, and said, "All right!" angrily, as if she had interrupted him.

People must notice; people must see. People, she thought, looking at the crowd staring at the motor car; the English people, with their children and their horses and their clothes, which she admired in a way; but they were "people" now, because Septimus had said, "I will kill myself"; an awful thing to say. Suppose they had heard him? She looked at the crowd. Help, help! she wanted to cry out to butchers' boys and women. Help! Only last autumn she and Septimus had stood on the Embankment wrapped in the same cloak and, Septimus reading a paper instead of talking, she had snatched it from him and laughed in the old man's face who saw them! But failure one conceals. She must take him away into some park.

"Now we will cross," she said.

She had a right to his arm, though it was without feeling. He would give her, who was so simple, so impulsive, only twenty-four, without friends in England, who had left Italy for his sake, a piece of bone.

The motor car with its blinds drawn and an air of inscrutable reserve proceeded towards Piccadilly, still gazed at, still ruffling the faces on both sides of the street with the same dark breath of veneration whether for Queen, Prince, or Prime Minister nobody knew. The face itself had been seen only once by three people for a few seconds. Even the sex was now in dispute. But there could be no doubt that greatness was seated within; greatness was passing, hidden, down Bond Street, removed only by a hand's-breadth from ordinary people who might now, for the first and last time, be within speaking distance of the majesty of England, of the enduring symbol of the state which will be known to curious antiquaries, sifting the ruins of time, when London is a grass-grown path and all those hurrying along the pavement this Wednesday morning are but bones with a few wedding rings mixed up in their dust and the gold stoppings of innumerable decayed teeth. The face in the motor car will then be known.

It is probably the Queen, thought Mrs. Dalloway, coming out of Mulberry's with her flowers; the Queen. And for a second she wore a look of extreme dignity standing by the flower shop in the sunlight while the car passed at a foot's pace, with its blinds drawn. The Queen going to some hospital; the Queen opening some bazaar, thought Clarissa.

The crush was terrific for the time of day. Lords, Ascot, Hurlingham, what was it? she wondered, for the street was blocked. The British middle classes sitting sideways on the tops of omnibuses with parcels and umbrellas, yes, even furs on a day like this, were, she thought, more ridiculous, more unlike anything there has ever been than one could conceive; and the Queen herself held up; the Queen herself unable to pass. Clarissa was suspended on one side of Brook Street; Sir John Buckhurst, the old Judge on the other, with the car between them (Sir John had laid down the law for years and liked a well-dressed woman) when the chauffeur, leaning ever so slightly, said or showed something to the policeman, who saluted and raised his arm and jerked his head and moved the omnibus to the side and the car passed through. Slowly and very silently it took its way.

Clarissa guessed; Clarissa knew of course; she had seen something white, magical, circular, in the footman's hand, a disc inscribed with a name,--the Queen's, the Prince of Wales's, the Prime Minister's?--which, by force of its own lustre, burnt its way through (Clarissa saw the car diminishing, disappearing), to blaze among candelabras, glittering stars, breasts stiff with oak leaves, Hugh Whitbread and all his colleagues, the gentlemen of England, that night in Buckingham Palace. And Clarissa, too, gave a party. She stiffened a little; so she would stand at the top of her stairs.

The car had gone, but it had left a slight ripple which flowed through glove shops and hat shops and tailors' shops on both sides of Bond Street. For thirty seconds all heads were inclined the same way--to the window. Choosing a pair of gloves--should they be to the elbow or above it, lemon or pale grey?--ladies stopped; when the sentence was finished something had happened. Something so trifling in single instances that no mathematical instrument, though capable of transmitting shocks in China, could register the vibration; yet in its fulness rather formidable and in its common appeal emotional; for in all the hat shops and tailors' shops strangers looked at each other and thought of the dead; of the flag; of Empire. In a public house in a back street a Colonial insulted the House of Windsor which led to words, broken beer glasses, and a general shindy, which echoed strangely across the way in the ears of girls buying white underlinen threaded with pure white ribbon for their weddings. For the surface agitation of the passing car as it sunk grazed something very profound.

Gliding across Piccadilly, the car turned down St. James's Street. Tall men, men of robust physique, well-dressed men with their tail-coats and their white slips and their hair raked back who, for reasons difficult to discriminate, were standing in the bow window of Brooks's with their hands behind the tails of their coats, looking out, perceived instinctively that greatness was passing, and the pale light of the immortal presence fell upon them as it had fallen upon Clarissa Dalloway. At once they stood even straighter, and removed their hands, and seemed ready to attend their Sovereign, if need be, to the cannon's mouth, as their ancestors had done before them. The white busts and the little tables in the background covered with copies of the Tatler and syphons of soda water seemed to approve; seemed to indicate the flowing corn and the manor houses of England; and to return the frail hum of the motor wheels as the walls of a whispering gallery return a single voice expanded and made sonorous by the might of a whole cathedral. Shawled Moll Pratt with her flowers on the pavement wished the dear boy well (it was the Prince of Wales for certain) and would have tossed the price of a pot of beer--a bunch of roses--into St. James's Street out of sheer light-heartedness and contempt of poverty had she not seen the constable's eye upon her, discouraging an old Irishwoman's loyalty. The sentries at St. James's saluted; Queen Alexandra's policeman approved.

A small crowd meanwhile had gathered at the gates of Buckingham Palace. Listlessly, yet confidently, poor people all of them, they waited; looked at the Palace itself with the flag flying; at Victoria, billowing on her mound, admired her shelves of running water, her geraniums; singled out from the motor cars in the Mall first this one, then that; bestowed emotion, vainly, upon commoners out for a drive; recalled their tribute to keep it unspent while this car passed and that; and all the time let rumour accumulate in their veins and thrill the nerves in their thighs at the thought of Royalty looking at them; the Queen bowing; the Prince saluting; at the thought of the heavenly life divinely bestowed upon Kings; of the equerries and deep curtsies; of the Queen's old doll's house; of Princess Mary married to an Englishman, and the Prince--ah! the Prince! who took wonderfully, they said, after old King Edward, but was ever so much slimmer. The Prince lived at St. James's; but he might come along in the morning to visit his mother.

So Sarah Bletchley said with her baby in her arms, tipping her foot up and down as though she were by her own fender in Pimlico, but keeping her eyes on the Mall, while Emily Coates ranged over the Palace windows and thought of the housemaids, the innumerable housemaids, the bedrooms, the innumerable bedrooms. Joined by an elderly gentleman with an Aberdeen terrier, by men without occupation, the crowd increased. Little Mr. Bowley, who had rooms in the Albany and was sealed with wax over the deeper sources of life but could be unsealed suddenly, inappropriately, sentimentally, by this sort of thing--poor women waiting to see the Queen go past--poor women, nice little children, orphans, widows, the War--tut-tut--actually had tears in his eyes. A breeze flaunting ever so warmly down the Mall through the thin trees, past the bronze heroes, lifted some flag flying in the British breast of Mr. Bowley and he raised his hat as the car turned into the Mall and held it high as the car approached; and let the poor mothers of Pimlico press close to him, and stood very upright. The car came on.

Suddenly Mrs. Coates looked up into the sky. The sound of an aeroplane bored ominously into the ears of the crowd. There it was coming over the trees, letting out white smoke from behind, which curled and twisted, actually writing something! making letters in the sky! Every one looked up.

Dropping dead down the aeroplane soared straight up, curved in a loop, raced, sank, rose, and whatever it did, wherever it went, out fluttered behind it a thick ruffled bar of white smoke which curled and wreathed upon the sky in letters. But what letters? A C was it? an E, then an L? Only for a moment did they lie still; then they moved and melted and were rubbed out up in the sky, and the aeroplane shot further away and again, in a fresh space of sky, began writing a K, an E, a Y perhaps?

"Glaxo," said Mrs. Coates in a strained, awe-stricken voice, gazing straight up, and her baby, lying stiff and white in her arms, gazed straight up.

"Kreemo," murmured Mrs. Bletchley, like a sleep-walker. With his hat held out perfectly still in his hand, Mr. Bowley gazed straight up. All down the Mall people were standing and looking up into the sky. As they looked the whole world became perfectly silent, and a flight of gulls crossed the sky, first one gull leading, then another, and in this extraordinary silence and peace, in this pallor, in this purity, bells struck eleven times, the sound fading up there among the gulls.

The aeroplane turned and raced and swooped exactly where it liked, swiftly, freely, like a skater--

"That's an E," said Mrs. Bletchley--or a dancer--

"It's toffee," murmured Mr. Bowley--(and the car went in at the gates and nobody looked at it), and shutting off the smoke, away and away it rushed, and the smoke faded and assembled itself round the broad white shapes of the clouds.

It had gone; it was behind the clouds. There was no sound. The clouds to which the letters E, G, or L had attached themselves moved freely, as if destined to cross from West to East on a mission of the greatest importance which would never be revealed, and yet certainly so it was--a mission of the greatest importance. Then suddenly, as a train comes out of a tunnel, the aeroplane rushed out of the clouds again, the sound boring into the ears of all people in the Mall, in the Green Park, in Piccadilly, in Regent Street, in Regent's Park, and the bar of smoke curved behind and it dropped down, and it soared up and wrote one letter after another--but what word was it writing?

Lucrezia Warren Smith, sitting by her husband's side on a seat in Regent's Park in the Broad Walk, looked up.

"Look, look, Septimus!" she cried. For Dr. Holmes had told her to make her husband (who had nothing whatever seriously the matter with him but was a little out of sorts) take an interest in things outside himself.

So, thought Septimus, looking up, they are signalling to me. Not indeed in actual words; that is, he could not read the language yet; but it was plain enough, this beauty, this exquisite beauty, and tears filled his eyes as he looked at the smoke words languishing and melting in the sky and bestowing upon him in their inexhaustible charity and laughing goodness one shape after another of unimaginable beauty and signalling their intention to provide him, for nothing, for ever, for looking merely, with beauty, more beauty! Tears ran down his cheeks.

It was toffee; they were advertising toffee, a nursemaid told Rezia. Together they began to spell t . . . o . . . f . . .

"K . . . R . . ." said the nursemaid, and Septimus heard her say "Kay Arr" close to his ear, deeply, softly, like a mellow organ, but with a roughness in her voice like a grasshopper's, which rasped his spine deliciously and sent running up into his brain waves of sound which, concussing, broke. A marvellous discovery indeed--that the human voice in certain atmospheric conditions (for one must be scientific, above all scientific) can quicken trees into life! Happily Rezia put her hand with a tremendous weight on his knee so that he was weighted down, transfixed, or the excitement of the elm trees rising and falling, rising and falling with all their leaves alight and the colour thinning and thickening from blue to the green of a hollow wave, like plumes on horses' heads, feathers on ladies', so proudly they rose and fell, so superbly, would have sent him mad. But he would not go mad. He would shut his eyes; he would see no more.

But they beckoned; leaves were alive; trees were alive. And the leaves being connected by millions of fibres with his own body, there on the seat, fanned it up and down; when the branch stretched he, too, made that statement. The sparrows fluttering, rising, and falling in jagged fountains were part of the pattern; the white and blue, barred with black branches. Sounds made harmonies with premeditation; the spaces between them were as significant as the sounds. A child cried. Rightly far away a horn sounded. All taken together meant the birth of a new religion--

"Septimus!" said Rezia. He started violently. People must notice.

"I am going to walk to the fountain and back," she said.

For she could stand it no longer. Dr. Holmes might say there was nothing the matter. Far rather would she that he were dead! She could not sit beside him when he stared so and did not see her and made everything terrible; sky and tree, children playing, dragging carts, blowing whistles, falling down; all were terrible. And he would not kill himself; and she could tell no one. "Septimus has been working too hard"--that was all she could say to her own mother. To love makes one solitary, she thought. She could tell nobody, not even Septimus now, and looking back, she saw him sitting in his shabby overcoat alone, on the seat, hunched up, staring. And it was cowardly for a man to say he would kill himself, but Septimus had fought; he was brave; he was not Septimus now. She put on her lace collar. She put on her new hat and he never noticed; and he was happy without her. Nothing could make her happy without him! Nothing! He was selfish. So men are. For he was not ill. Dr. Holmes said there was nothing the matter with him. She spread her hand before her. Look! Her wedding ring slipped--she had grown so thin. It was she who suffered--but she had nobody to tell.

Far was Italy and the white houses and the room where her sisters sat making hats, and the streets crowded every evening with people walking, laughing out loud, not half alive like people here, huddled up in Bath chairs, looking at a few ugly flowers stuck in pots!

"For you should see the Milan gardens," she said aloud. But to whom?

There was nobody. Her words faded. So a rocket fades. Its sparks, having grazed their way into the night, surrender to it, dark descends, pours over the outlines of houses and towers; bleak hillsides soften and fall in. But though they are gone, the night is full of them; robbed of colour, blank of windows, they exist more ponderously, give out what the frank daylight fails to transmit--the trouble and suspense of things conglomerated there in the darkness; huddled together in the darkness; reft of the relief which dawn brings when, washing the walls white and grey, spotting each window-pane, lifting the mist from the fields, showing the red-brown cows peacefully grazing, all is once more decked out to the eye; exists again. I am alone; I am alone! she cried, by the fountain in Regent's Park (staring at the Indian and his cross), as perhaps at midnight, when all boundaries are lost, the country reverts to its ancient shape, as the Romans saw it, lying cloudy, when they landed, and the hills had no names and rivers wound they knew not where--such was her darkness; when suddenly, as if a shelf were shot forth and she stood on it, she said how she was his wife, married years ago in Milan, his wife, and would never, never tell that he was mad! Turning, the shelf fell; down, down she dropped. For he was gone, she thought--gone, as he threatened, to kill himself--to throw himself under a cart! But no; there he was; still sitting alone on the seat, in his shabby overcoat, his legs crossed, staring, talking aloud.

Men must not cut down trees. There is a God. (He noted such revelations on the backs of envelopes.) Change the world. No one kills from hatred. Make it known (he wrote it down). He waited. He listened. A sparrow perched on the railing opposite chirped Septimus, Septimus, four or five times over and went on, drawing its notes out, to sing freshly and piercingly in Greek words how there is no crime and, joined by another sparrow, they sang in voices prolonged and piercing in Greek words, from trees in the meadow of life beyond a river where the dead walk, how there is no death.

There was his hand; there the dead. White things were assembling behind the railings opposite. But he dared not look. Evans was behind the railings!

"What are you saying?" said Rezia suddenly, sitting down by him.

Interrupted again! She was always interrupting.

Away from people--they must get away from people, he said (jumping up), right away over there, where there were chairs beneath a tree and the long slope of the park dipped like a length of green stuff with a ceiling cloth of blue and pink smoke high above, and there was a rampart of far irregular houses hazed in smoke, the traffic hummed in a circle, and on the right, dun-coloured animals stretched long necks over the Zoo palings, barking, howling. There they sat down under a tree.

"Look," she implored him, pointing at a little troop of boys carrying cricket stumps, and one shuffled, spun round on his heel and shuffled, as if he were acting a clown at the music hall.

"Look," she implored him, for Dr. Holmes had told her to make him notice real things, go to a music hall, play cricket--that was the very game, Dr. Holmes said, a nice out-of-door game, the very game for her husband.

"Look," she repeated.

Look the unseen bade him, the voice which now communicated with him who was the greatest of mankind, Septimus, lately taken from life to death, the Lord who had come to renew society, who lay like a coverlet, a snow blanket smitten only by the sun, for ever unwasted, suffering for ever, the scapegoat, the eternal sufferer, but he did not want it, he moaned, putting from him with a wave of his hand that eternal suffering, that eternal loneliness.

"Look," she repeated, for he must not talk aloud to himself out of doors.

"Oh look," she implored him. But what was there to look at? A few sheep. That was all.

The way to Regent's Park Tube station--could they tell her the way to Regent's Park Tube station--Maisie Johnson wanted to know. She was only up from Edinburgh two days ago.

"Not this way--over there!" Rezia exclaimed, waving her aside, lest she should see Septimus.

Both seemed queer, Maisie Johnson thought. Everything seemed very queer. In London for the first time, come to take up a post at her uncle's in Leadenhall Street, and now walking through Regent's Park in the morning, this couple on the chairs gave her quite a turn; the young woman seeming foreign, the man looking queer; so that should she be very old she would still remember and make it jangle again among her memories how she had walked through Regent's Park on a fine summer's morning fifty years ago. For she was only nineteen and had got her way at last, to come to London; and now how queer it was, this couple she had asked the way of, and the girl started and jerked her hand, and the man--he seemed awfully odd; quarrelling, perhaps; parting for ever, perhaps; something was up, she knew; and now all these people (for she returned to the Broad Walk), the stone basins, the prim flowers, the old men and women, invalids most of them in Bath chairs--all seemed, after Edinburgh, so queer. And Maisie Johnson, as she joined that gently trudging, vaguely gazing, breeze-kissed company--squirrels perching and preening, sparrow fountains fluttering for crumbs, dogs busy with the railings, busy with each other, while the soft warm air washed over them and lent to the fixed unsurprised gaze with which they received life something whimsical and mollified--Maisie Johnson positively felt she must cry Oh! (for that young man on the seat had given her quite a turn. Something was up, she knew.)

Horror! horror! she wanted to cry. (She had left her people; they had warned her what would happen.)

Why hadn't she stayed at home? she cried, twisting the knob of the iron railing.

That girl, thought Mrs. Dempster (who saved crusts for the squirrels and often ate her lunch in Regent's Park), don't know a thing yet; and really it seemed to her better to be a little stout, a little slack, a little moderate in one's expectations. Percy drank. Well, better to have a son, thought Mrs. Dempster. She had had a hard time of it, and couldn't help smiling at a girl like that. You'll get married, for you're pretty enough, thought Mrs. Dempster. Get married, she thought, and then you'll know. Oh, the cooks, and so on. Every man has his ways. But whether I'd have chosen quite like that if I could have known, thought Mrs. Dempster, and could not help wishing to whisper a word to Maisie Johnson; to feel on the creased pouch of her worn old face the kiss of pity. For it's been a hard life, thought Mrs. Dempster. What hadn't she given to it? Roses; figure; her feet too. (She drew the knobbed lumps beneath her skirt.)

Roses, she thought sardonically. All trash, m'dear. For really, what with eating, drinking, and mating, the bad days and good, life had been no mere matter of roses, and what was more, let me tell you, Carrie Dempster had no wish to change her lot with any woman's in Kentish Town! But, she implored, pity. Pity, for the loss of roses. Pity she asked of Maisie Johnson, standing by the hyacinth beds.

Ah, but that aeroplane! Hadn't Mrs. Dempster always longed to see foreign parts? She had a nephew, a missionary. It soared and shot. She always went on the sea at Margate, not out o' sight of land, but she had no patience with women who were afraid of water. It swept and fell. Her stomach was in her mouth. Up again. There's a fine young feller aboard of it, Mrs. Dempster wagered, and away and away it went, fast and fading, away and away the aeroplane shot; soaring over Greenwich and all the masts; over the little island of grey churches, St. Paul's and the rest till, on either side of London, fields spread out and dark brown woods where adventurous thrushes hopping boldly, glancing quickly, snatched the snail and tapped him on a stone, once, twice, thrice.

Away and away the aeroplane shot, till it was nothing but a bright spark; an aspiration; a concentration; a symbol (so it seemed to Mr. Bentley, vigorously rolling his strip of turf at Greenwich) of man's soul; of his determination, thought Mr. Bentley, sweeping round the cedar tree, to get outside his body, beyond his house, by means of thought, Einstein, speculation, mathematics, the Mendelian theory--away the aeroplane shot.

Then, while a seedy-looking nondescript man carrying a leather bag stood on the steps of St. Paul's Cathedral, and hesitated, for within was what balm, how great a welcome, how many tombs with banners waving over them, tokens of victories not over armies, but over, he thought, that plaguy spirit of truth seeking which leaves me at present without a situation, and more than that, the cathedral offers company, he thought, invites you to membership of a society; great men belong to it; martyrs have died for it; why not enter in, he thought, put this leather bag stuffed with pamphlets before an altar, a cross, the symbol of something which has soared beyond seeking and questing and knocking of words together and has become all spirit, disembodied, ghostly--why not enter in? he thought and while he hesitated out flew the aeroplane over Ludgate Circus.

It was strange; it was still. Not a sound was to be heard above the traffic. Unguided it seemed; sped of its own free will. And now, curving up and up, straight up, like something mounting in ecstasy, in pure delight, out from behind poured white smoke looping, writing a T, an O, an F.

 

 

"What are they looking at?" said Clarissa Dalloway to the maid who opened her door.

The hall of the house was cool as a vault. Mrs. Dalloway raised her hand to her eyes, and, as the maid shut the door to, and she heard the swish of Lucy's skirts, she felt like a nun who has left the world and feels fold round her the familiar veils and the response to old devotions. The cook whistled in the kitchen. She heard the click of the typewriter. It was her life, and, bending her head over the hall table, she bowed beneath the influence, felt blessed and purified, saying to herself, as she took the pad with the telephone message on it, how moments like this are buds on the tree of life, flowers of darkness they are, she thought (as if some lovely rose had blossomed for her eyes only); not for a moment did she believe in God; but all the more, she thought, taking up the pad, must one repay in daily life to servants, yes, to dogs and canaries, above all to Richard her husband, who was the foundation of it--of the gay sounds, of the green lights, of the cook even whistling, for Mrs. Walker was Irish and whistled all day long--one must pay back from this secret deposit of exquisite moments, she thought, lifting the pad, while Lucy stood by her, trying to explain how

"Mr. Dalloway, ma'am"--

Clarissa read on the telephone pad, "Lady Bruton wishes to know if Mr. Dalloway will lunch with her to-day."

"Mr. Dalloway, ma'am, told me to tell you he would be lunching out."

"Dear!" said Clarissa, and Lucy shared as she meant her to her disappointment (but not the pang); felt the concord between them; took the hint; thought how the gentry love; gilded her own future with calm; and, taking Mrs. Dalloway's parasol, handled it like a sacred weapon which a Goddess, having acquitted herself honourably in the field of battle, sheds, and placed it in the umbrella stand.

"Fear no more," said Clarissa. Fear no more the heat o' the sun; for the shock of Lady Bruton asking Richard to lunch without her made the moment in which she had stood shiver, as a plant on the river-bed feels the shock of a passing oar and shivers: so she rocked: so she shivered.

Millicent Bruton, whose lunch parties were said to be extraordinarily amusing, had not asked her. No vulgar jealousy could separate her from Richard. But she feared time itself, and read on Lady Bruton's face, as if it had been a dial cut in impassive stone, the dwindling of life; how year by year her share was sliced; how little the margin that remained was capable any longer of stretching, of absorbing, as in the youthful years, the colours, salts, tones of existence, so that she filled the room she entered, and felt often as she stood hesitating one moment on the threshold of her drawing-room, an exquisite suspense, such as might stay a diver before plunging while the sea darkens and brightens beneath him, and the waves which threaten to break, but only gently split their surface, roll and conceal and encrust as they just turn over the weeds with pearl.

She put the pad on the hall table. She began to go slowly upstairs, with her hand on the bannisters, as if she had left a party, where now this friend now that had flashed back her face, her voice; had shut the door and gone out and stood alone, a single figure against the appalling night, or rather, to be accurate, against the stare of this matter-of-fact June morning; soft with the glow of rose petals for some, she knew, and felt it, as she paused by the open staircase window which let in blinds flapping, dogs barking, let in, she thought, feeling herself suddenly shrivelled, aged, breastless, the grinding, blowing, flowering of the day, out of doors, out of the window, out of her body and brain which now failed, since Lady Bruton, whose lunch parties were said to be extraordinarily amusing, had not asked her.

Like a nun withdrawing, or a child exploring a tower, she went upstairs, paused at the window, came to the bathroom. There was the green linoleum and a tap dripping. There was an emptiness about the heart of life; an attic room. Women must put off their rich apparel. At midday they must disrobe. She pierced the pincushion and laid her feathered yellow hat on the bed. The sheets were clean, tight stretched in a broad white band from side to side. Narrower and narrower would her bed be. The candle was half burnt down and she had read deep in Baron Marbot's Memoirs. She had read late at night of the retreat from Moscow. For the House sat so long that Richard insisted, after her illness, that she must sleep undisturbed. And really she preferred to read of the retreat from Moscow. He knew it. So the room was an attic; the bed narrow; and lying there reading, for she slept badly, she could not dispel a virginity preserved through childbirth which clung to her like a sheet. Lovely in girlhood, suddenly there came a moment--for example on the river beneath the woods at Clieveden--when, through some contraction of this cold spirit, she had failed him. And then at Constantinople, and again and again. She could see what she lacked. It was not beauty; it was not mind. It was something central which permeated; something warm which broke up surfaces and rippled the cold contact of man and woman, or of women together. For that she could dimly perceive. She resented it, had a scruple picked up Heaven knows where, or, as she felt, sent by Nature (who is invariably wise); yet she could not resist sometimes yielding to the charm of a woman, not a girl, of a woman confessing, as to her they often did, some scrape, some folly. And whether it was pity, or their beauty, or that she was older, or some accident--like a faint scent, or a violin next door (so strange is the power of sounds at certain moments), she did undoubtedly then feel what men felt. Only for a moment; but it was enough. It was a sudden revelation, a tinge like a blush which one tried to check and then, as it spread, one yielded to its expansion, and rushed to the farthest verge and there quivered and felt the world come closer, swollen with some astonishing significance, some pressure of rapture, which split its thin skin and gushed and poured with an extraordinary alleviation over the cracks and sores! Then, for that moment, she had seen an illumination; a match burning in a crocus; an inner meaning almost expressed. But the close withdrew; the hard softened. It was over--the moment. Against such moments (with women too) there contrasted (as she laid her hat down) the bed and Baron Marbot and the candle half-burnt. Lying awake, the floor creaked; the lit house was suddenly darkened, and if she raised her head she could just hear the click of the handle released as gently as possible by Richard, who slipped upstairs in his socks and then, as often as not, dropped his hot-water bottle and swore! How she laughed!

But this question of love (she thought, putting her coat away), this falling in love with women. Take Sally Seton; her relation in the old days with Sally Seton. Had not that, after all, been love?

She sat on the floor--that was her first impression of Sally--she sat on the floor with her arms round her knees, smoking a cigarette. Where could it have been? The Mannings? The Kinloch-Jones's? At some party (where, she could not be certain), for she had a distinct recollection of saying to the man she was with, "Who is that?" And he had told her, and said that Sally's parents did not get on (how that shocked her--that one's parents should quarrel!). But all that evening she could not take her eyes off Sally. It was an extraordinary beauty of the kind she most admired, dark, large-eyed, with that quality which, since she hadn't got it herself, she always envied--a sort of abandonment, as if she could say anything, do anything; a quality much commoner in foreigners than in Englishwomen. Sally always said she had French blood in her veins, an ancestor had been with Marie Antoinette, had his head cut off, left a ruby ring. Perhaps that summer she came to stay at Bourton, walking in quite unexpectedly without a penny in her pocket, one night after dinner, and upsetting poor Aunt Helena to such an extent that she never forgave her. There had been some quarrel at home. She literally hadn't a penny that night when she came to them--had pawned a brooch to come down. She had rushed off in a passion. They sat up till all hours of the night talking. Sally it was who made her feel, for the first time, how sheltered the life at Bourton was. She knew nothing about sex--nothing about social problems. She had once seen an old man who had dropped dead in a field--she had seen cows just after their calves were born. But Aunt Helena never liked discussion of anything (when Sally gave her William Morris, it had to be wrapped in brown paper). There they sat, hour after hour, talking in her bedroom at the top of the house, talking about life, how they were to reform the world. They meant to found a society to abolish private property, and actually had a letter written, though not sent out. The ideas were Sally's, of course--but very soon she was just as excited--read Plato in bed before breakfast; read Morris; read Shelley by the hour.

Sally's power was amazing, her gift, her personality. There was her way with flowers, for instance. At Bourton they always had stiff little vases all the way down the table. Sally went out, picked hollyhocks, dahlias--all sorts of flowers that had never been seen together--cut their heads off, and made them swim on the top of water in bowls. The effect was extraordinary--coming in to dinner in the sunset. (Of course Aunt Helena thought it wicked to treat flowers like that.) Then she forgot her sponge, and ran along the passage naked. That grim old housemaid, Ellen Atkins, went about grumbling--"Suppose any of the gentlemen had seen?" Indeed she did shock people. She was untidy, Papa said.

The strange thing, on looking back, was the purity, the integrity, of her feeling for Sally. It was not like one's feeling for a man. It was completely disinterested, and besides, it had a quality which could only exist between women, between women just grown up. It was protective, on her side; sprang from a sense of being in league together, a presentiment of something that was bound to part them (they spoke of marriage always as a catastrophe), which led to this chivalry, this protective feeling which was much more on her side than Sally's. For in those days she was completely reckless; did the most idiotic things out of bravado; bicycled round the parapet on the terrace; smoked cigars. Absurd, she was--very absurd. But the charm was overpowering, to her at least, so that she could remember standing in her bedroom at the top of the house holding the hot-water can in her hands and saying aloud, "She is beneath this roof. . . . She is beneath this roof!"

No, the words meant absolutely nothing to her now. She could not even get an echo of her old emotion. But she could remember going cold with excitement, and doing her hair in a kind of ecstasy (now the old feeling began to come back to her, as she took out her hairpins, laid them on the dressing-table, began to do her hair), with the rooks flaunting up and down in the pink evening light, and dressing, and going downstairs, and feeling as she crossed the hall "if it were now to die 'twere now to be most happy." That was her feeling--Othello's feeling, and she felt it, she was convinced, as strongly as Shakespeare meant Othello to feel it, all because she was coming down to dinner in a white frock to meet Sally Seton!

She was wearing pink gauze--was that possible? She seemed, anyhow, all light, glowing, like some bird or air ball that has flown in, attached itself for a moment to a bramble. But nothing is so strange when one is in love (and what was this except being in love?) as the complete indifference of other people. Aunt Helena just wandered off after dinner; Papa read the paper. Peter Walsh might have been there, and old Miss Cummings; Joseph Breitkopf certainly was, for he came every summer, poor old man, for weeks and weeks, and pretended to read German with her, but really played the piano and sang Brahms without any voice.

All this was only a background for Sally. She stood by the fireplace talking, in that beautiful voice which made everything she said sound like a caress, to Papa, who had begun to be attracted rather against his will (he never got over lending her one of his books and finding it soaked on the terrace), when suddenly she said, "What a shame to sit indoors!" and they all went out on to the terrace and walked up and down. Peter Walsh and Joseph Breitkopf went on about Wagner. She and Sally fell a little behind. Then came the most exquisite moment of her whole life passing a stone urn with flowers in it. Sally stopped; picked a flower; kissed her on the lips. The whole world might have turned upside down! The others disappeared; there she was alone with Sally. And she felt that she had been given a present, wrapped up, and told just to keep it, not to look at it--a diamond, something infinitely precious, wrapped up, which, as they walked (up and down, up and down), she uncovered, or the radiance burnt through, the revelation, the religious feeling!--when old Joseph and Peter faced them:

"Star-gazing?" said Peter.

It was like running one's face against a granite wall in the darkness! It was shocking; it was horrible!

Not for herself. She felt only how Sally was being mauled already, maltreated; she felt his hostility; his jealousy; his determination to break into their companionship. All this she saw as one sees a landscape in a flash of lightning--and Sally (never had she admired her so much!) gallantly taking her way unvanquished. She laughed. She made old Joseph tell her the names of the stars, which he liked doing very seriously. She stood there: she listened. She heard the names of the stars.

"Oh this horror!" she said to herself, as if she had known all along that something would interrupt, would embitter her moment of happiness.

Yet, after all, how much she owed to him later. Always when she thought of him she thought of their quarrels for some reason--because she wanted his good opinion so much, perhaps. She owed him words: "sentimental," "civilised"; they started up every day of her life as if he guarded her. A book was sentimental; an attitude to life sentimental. "Sentimental," perhaps she was to be thinking of the past. What would he think, she wondered, when he came back?

That she had grown older? Would he say that, or would she see him thinking when he came back, that she had grown older? It was true. Since her illness she had turned almost white.

Laying her brooch on the table, she had a sudden spasm, as if, while she mused, the icy claws had had the chance to fix in her. She was not old yet. She had just broken into her fifty-second year. Months and months of it were still untouched. June, July, August! Each still remained almost whole, and, as if to catch the falling drop, Clarissa (crossing to the dressing-table) plunged into the very heart of the moment, transfixed it, there--the moment of this June morning on which was the pressure of all the other mornings, seeing the glass, the dressing-table, and all the bottles afresh, collecting the whole of her at one point (as she looked into the glass), seeing the delicate pink face of the woman who was that very night to give a party; of Clarissa Dalloway; of herself.

How many million times she had seen her face, and always with the same imperceptible contraction! She pursed her lips when she looked in the glass. It was to give her face point. That was her self--pointed; dartlike; definite. That was her self when some effort, some call on her to be her self, drew the parts together, she alone knew how different, how incompatible and composed so for the world only into one centre, one diamond, one woman who sat in her drawing-room and made a meeting-point, a radiancy no doubt in some dull lives, a refuge for the lonely to come to, perhaps; she had helped young people, who were grateful to her; had tried to be the same always, never showing a sign of all the other sides of her--faults, jealousies, vanities, suspicions, like this of Lady Bruton not asking her to lunch; which, she thought (combing her hair finally), is utterly base! Now, where was her dress?

Her evening dresses hung in the cupboard. Clarissa, plunging her hand into the softness, gently detached the green dress and carried it to the window. She had torn it. Some one had trod on the skirt. She had felt it give at the Embassy party at the top among the folds. By artificial light the green shone, but lost its colour now in the sun. She would mend it. Her maids had too much to do. She would wear it to-night. She would take her silks, her scissors, her--what was it?--her thimble, of course, down into the drawing-room, for she must also write, and see that things generally were more or less in order.

Strange, she thought, pausing on the landing, and assembling that diamond shape, that single person, strange how a mistress knows the very moment, the very temper of her house! Faint sounds rose in spirals up the well of the stairs; the swish of a mop; tapping; knocking; a loudness when the front door opened; a voice repeating a message in the basement; the chink of silver on a tray; clean silver for the party. All was for the party.

(And Lucy, coming into the drawing-room with her tray held out, put the giant candlesticks on the mantelpiece, the silver casket in the middle, turned the crystal dolphin towards the clock. They would come; they would stand; they would talk in the mincing tones which she could imitate, ladies and gentlemen. Of all, her mistress was loveliest--mistress of silver, of linen, of china, for the sun, the silver, doors off their hinges, Rumpelmayer's men, gave her a sense, as she laid the paper-knife on the inlaid table, of something achieved. Behold! Behold! she said, speaking to her old friends in the baker's shop, where she had first seen service at Caterham, prying into the glass. She was Lady Angela, attending Princess Mary, when in came Mrs. Dalloway.)

"Oh Lucy," she said, "the silver does look nice!"

"And how," she said, turning the crystal dolphin to stand straight, "how did you enjoy the play last night?" "Oh, they had to go before the end!" she said. "They had to be back at ten!" she said. "So they don't know what happened," she said. "That does seem hard luck," she said (for her servants stayed later, if they asked her). "That does seem rather a shame," she said, taking the old bald-looking cushion in the middle of the sofa and putting it in Lucy's arms, and giving her a little push, and crying:

"Take it away! Give it to Mrs. Walker with my compliments! Take it away!" she cried.

And Lucy stopped at the drawing-room door, holding the cushion, and said, very shyly, turning a little pink, Couldn't she help to mend that dress?

But, said Mrs. Dalloway, she had enough on her hands already, quite enough of her own to do without that.

"But, thank you, Lucy, oh, thank you," said Mrs. Dalloway, and thank you, thank you, she went on saying (sitting down on the sofa with her dress over her knees, her scissors, her silks), thank you, thank you, she went on saying in gratitude to her servants generally for helping her to be like this, to be what she wanted, gentle, generous-hearted. Her servants liked her. And then this dress of hers--where was the tear? and now her needle to be threaded. This was a favourite dress, one of Sally Parker's, the last almost she ever made, alas, for Sally had now retired, living at Ealing, and if ever I have a moment, thought Clarissa (but never would she have a moment any more), I shall go and see her at Ealing. For she was a character, thought Clarissa, a real artist. She thought of little out-of-the-way things; yet her dresses were never queer. You could wear them at Hatfield; at Buckingham Palace. She had worn them at Hatfield; at Buckingham Palace.

Quiet descended on her, calm, content, as her needle, drawing the silk smoothly to its gentle pause, collected the green folds together and attached them, very lightly, to the belt. So on a summer's day waves collect, overbalance, and fall; collect and fall; and the whole world seems to be saying "that is all" more and more ponderously, until even the heart in the body which lies in the sun on the beach says too, That is all. Fear no more, says the heart. Fear no more, says the heart, committing its burden to some sea, which sighs collectively for all sorrows, and renews, begins, collects, lets fall. And the body alone listens to the passing bee; the wave breaking; the dog barking, far away barking and barking.

"Heavens, the front-door bell!" exclaimed Clarissa, staying her needle. Roused, she listened.

"Mrs. Dalloway will see me," said the elderly man in the hall. "Oh yes, she will see me," he repeated, putting Lucy aside very benevolently, and running upstairs ever so quickly. "Yes, yes, yes," he muttered as he ran upstairs. "She will see me. After five years in India, Clarissa will see me."

"Who can--what can," asked Mrs. Dalloway (thinking it was outrageous to be interrupted at eleven o'clock on the morning of the day she was giving a party), hearing a step on the stairs. She heard a hand upon the door. She made to hide her dress, like a virgin protecting chastity, respecting privacy. Now the brass knob slipped. Now the door opened, and in came--for a single second she could not remember what he was called! so surprised she was to see him, so glad, so shy, so utterly taken aback to have Peter Walsh come to her unexpectedly in the morning! (She had not read his letter.)

"And how are you?" said Peter Walsh, positively trembling; taking both her hands; kissing both her hands. She's grown older, he thought, sitting down. I shan't tell her anything about it, he thought, for she's grown older. She's looking at me, he thought, a sudden embarrassment coming over him, though he had kissed her hands. Putting his hand into his pocket, he took out a large pocket-knife and half opened the blade.

Exactly the same, thought Clarissa; the same queer look; the same check suit; a little out of the straight his face is, a little thinner, dryer, perhaps, but he looks awfully well, and just the same.

"How heavenly it is to see you again!" she exclaimed. He had his knife out. That's so like him, she thought.

He had only reached town last night, he said; would have to go down into the country at once; and how was everything, how was everybody--Richard? Elizabeth?

"And what's all this?" he said, tilting his pen-knife towards her green dress.

He's very well dressed, thought Clarissa; yet he always criticises me.

Here she is mending her dress; mending her dress as usual, he thought; here she's been sitting all the time I've been in India; mending her dress; playing about; going to parties; running to the House and back and all that, he thought, growing more and more irritated, more and more agitated, for there's nothing in the world so bad for some women as marriage, he thought; and politics; and having a Conservative husband, like the admirable Richard. So it is, so it is, he thought, shutting his knife with a snap.

"Richard's very well. Richard's at a Committee," said Clarissa.

And she opened her scissors, and said, did he mind her just finishing what she was doing to her dress, for they had a party that night?

"Which I shan't ask you to," she said. "My dear Peter!" she said.

But it was delicious to hear her say that--my dear Peter! Indeed, it was all so delicious--the silver, the chairs; all so delicious!

Why wouldn't she ask him to her party? he asked.

Now of course, thought Clarissa, he's enchanting! perfectly enchanting! Now I remember how impossible it was ever to make up my mind--and why did I make up my mind--not to marry him? she wondered, that awful summer?

"But it's so extraordinary that you should have come this morning!" she cried, putting her hands, one on top of another, down on her dress.

"Do you remember," she said, "how the blinds used to flap at Bourton?"

"They did," he said; and he remembered breakfasting alone, very awkwardly, with her father; who had died; and he had not written to Clarissa. But he had never got on well with old Parry, that querulous, weak-kneed old man, Clarissa's father, Justin Parry.

"I often wish I'd got on better with your father," he said.

"But he never liked any one who--our friends," said Clarissa; and could have bitten her tongue for thus reminding Peter that he had wanted to marry her.

Of course I did, thought Peter; it almost broke my heart too, he thought; and was overcome with his own grief, which rose like a moon looked at from a terrace, ghastly beautiful with light from the sunken day. I was more unhappy than I've ever been since, he thought. And as if in truth he were sitting there on the terrace he edged a little towards Clarissa; put his hand out; raised it; let it fall. There above them it hung, that moon. She too seemed to be sitting with him on the terrace, in the moonlight.

"Herbert has it now," she said. "I never go there now," she said.

Then, just as happens on a terrace in the moonlight, when one person begins to feel ashamed that he is already bored, and yet as the other sits silent, very quiet, sadly looking at the moon, does not like to speak, moves his foot, clears his throat, notices some iron scroll on a table leg, stirs a leaf, but says nothing--so Peter Walsh did now. For why go back like this to the past? he thought. Why make him think of it again? Why make him suffer, when she had tortured him so infernally? Why?

"Do you remember the lake?" she said, in an abrupt voice, under the pressure of an emotion which caught her heart, made the muscles of her throat stiff, and contracted her lips in a spasm as she said "lake." For she was a child, throwing bread to the ducks, between her parents, and at the same time a grown woman coming to her parents who stood by the lake, holding her life in her arms which, as she neared them, grew larger and larger in her arms, until it became a whole life, a complete life, which she put down by them and said, "This is what I have made of it! This!" And what had she made of it? What, indeed? sitting there sewing this morning with Peter.

She looked at Peter Walsh; her look, passing through all that time and that emotion, reached him doubtfully; settled on him tearfully; and rose and fluttered away, as a bird touches a branch and rises and flutters away. Quite simply she wiped her eyes.

"Yes," said Peter. "Yes, yes, yes," he said, as if she drew up to the surface something which positively hurt him as it rose. Stop! Stop! he wanted to cry. For he was not old; his life was not over; not by any means. He was only just past fifty. Shall I tell her, he thought, or not? He would like to make a clean breast of it all. But she is too cold, he thought; sewing, with her scissors; Daisy would look ordinary beside Clarissa. And she would think me a failure, which I am in their sense, he thought; in the Dalloways' sense. Oh yes, he had no doubt about that; he was a failure, compared with all this--the inlaid table, the mounted paper-knife, the dolphin and the candlesticks, the chair-covers and the old valuable English tinted prints--he was a failure! I detest the smugness of the whole affair, he thought; Richard's doing, not Clarissa's; save that she married him. (Here Lucy came into the room, carrying silver, more silver, but charming, slender, graceful she looked, he thought, as she stooped to put it down.) And this has been going on all the time! he thought; week after week; Clarissa's life; while I--he thought; and at once everything seemed to radiate from him; journeys; rides; quarrels; adventures; bridge parties; love affairs; work; work, work! and he took out his knife quite openly--his old horn-handled knife which Clarissa could swear he had had these thirty years--and clenched his fist upon it.

What an extraordinary habit that was, Clarissa thought; always playing with a knife. Always making one feel, too, frivolous; empty-minded; a mere silly chatterbox, as he used. But I too, she thought, and, taking up her needle, summoned, like a Queen whose guards have fallen asleep and left her unprotected (she had been quite taken aback by this visit--it had upset her) so that any one can stroll in and have a look at her where she lies with the brambles curving over her, summoned to her help the things she did; the things she liked; her husband; Elizabeth; her self, in short, which Peter hardly knew now, all to come about her and beat off the enemy.

"Well, and what's happened to you?" she said. So before a battle begins, the horses paw the ground; toss their heads; the light shines on their flanks; their necks curve. So Peter Walsh and Clarissa, sitting side by side on the blue sofa, challenged each other. His powers chafed and tossed in him. He assembled from different quarters all sorts of things; praise; his career at Oxford; his marriage, which she knew nothing whatever about; how he had loved; and altogether done his job.

"Millions of things!" he exclaimed, and, urged by the assembly of powers which were now charging this way and that and giving him the feeling at once frightening and extremely exhilarating of being rushed through the air on the shoulders of people he could no longer see, he raised his hands to his forehead.

Clarissa sat very upright; drew in her breath.

"I am in love," he said, not to her however, but to some one raised up in the dark so that you could not touch her but must lay your garland down on the grass in the dark.

"In love," he repeated, now speaking rather dryly to Clarissa Dalloway; "in love with a girl in India." He had deposited his garland. Clarissa could make what she would of it.

"In love!" she said. That he at his age should be sucked under in his little bow-tie by that monster! And there's no flesh on his neck; his hands are red; and he's six months older than I am! her eye flashed back to her; but in her heart she felt, all the same, he is in love. He has that, she felt; he is in love.

But the indomitable egotism which for ever rides down the hosts opposed to it, the river which says on, on, on; even though, it admits, there may be no goal for us whatever, still on, on; this indomitable egotism charged her cheeks with colour; made her look very young; very pink; very bright-eyed as she sat with her dress upon her knee, and her needle held to the end of green silk, trembling a little. He was in love! Not with her. With some younger woman, of course.

"And who is she?" she asked.

Now this statue must be brought from its height and set down between them.

"A married woman, unfortunately," he said; "the wife of a Major in the Indian Army."

And with a curious ironical sweetness he smiled as he placed her in this ridiculous way before Clarissa.

(All the same, he is in love, thought Clarissa.)

"She has," he continued, very reasonably, "two small children; a boy and a girl; and I have come over to see my lawyers about the divorce."

There they are! he thought. Do what you like with them, Clarissa! There they are! And second by second it seemed to him that the wife of the Major in the Indian Army (his Daisy) and her two small children became more and more lovely as Clarissa looked at them; as if he had set light to a grey pellet on a plate and there had risen up a lovely tree in the brisk sea-salted air of their intimacy (for in some ways no one understood him, felt with him, as Clarissa did)--their exquisite intimacy.

She flattered him; she fooled him, thought Clarissa; shaping the woman, the wife of the Major in the Indian Army, with three strokes of a knife. What a waste! What a folly! All his life long Peter had been fooled like that; first getting sent down from Oxford; next marrying the girl on the boat going out to India; now the wife of a Major in the Indian Army--thank Heaven she had refused to marry him! Still, he was in love; her old friend, her dear Peter, he was in love.

"But what are you going to do?" she asked him. Oh the lawyers and solicitors, Messrs. Hooper and Grateley of Lincoln's Inn, they were going to do it, he said. And he actually pared his nails with his pocket-knife.

For Heaven's sake, leave your knife alone! she cried to herself in irrepressible irritation; it was his silly unconventionality, his weakness; his lack of the ghost of a notion what any one else was feeling that annoyed her, had always annoyed her; and now at his age, how silly!

I know all that, Peter thought; I know what I'm up against, he thought, running his finger along the blade of his knife, Clarissa and Dalloway and all the rest of them; but I'll show Clarissa--and then to his utter surprise, suddenly thrown by those uncontrollable forces thrown through the air, he burst into tears; wept; wept without the least shame, sitting on the sofa, the tears running down his cheeks.

And Clarissa had leant forward, taken his hand, drawn him to her, kissed him,--actually had felt his face on hers before she could down the brandishing of silver flashing--plumes like pampas grass in a tropic gale in her breast, which, subsiding, left her holding his hand, patting his knee and, feeling as she sat back extraordinarily at her ease with him and light-hearted, all in a clap it came over her, If I had married him, this gaiety would have been mine all day!

It was all over for her. The sheet was stretched and the bed narrow. She had gone up into the tower alone and left them blackberrying in the sun. The door had shut, and there among the dust of fallen plaster and the litter of birds' nests how distant the view had looked, and the sounds came thin and chill (once on Leith Hill, she remembered), and Richard, Richard! she cried, as a sleeper in the night starts and stretches a hand in the dark for help. Lunching with Lady Bruton, it came back to her. He has left me; I am alone for ever, she thought, folding her hands upon her knee.

Peter Walsh had got up and crossed to the window and stood with his back to her, flicking a bandanna handkerchief from side to side. Masterly and dry and desolate he looked, his thin shoulder-blades lifting his coat slightly; blowing his nose violently. Take me with you, Clarissa thought impulsively, as if he were starting directly upon some great voyage; and then, next moment, it was as if the five acts of a play that had been very exciting and moving were now over and she had lived a lifetime in them and had run away, had lived with Peter, and it was now over.

Now it was time to move, and, as a woman gathers her things together, her cloak, her gloves, her opera-glasses, and gets up to go out of the theatre into the street, she rose from the sofa and went to Peter.

And it was awfully strange, he thought, how she still had the power, as she came tinkling, rustling, still had the power as she came across the room, to make the moon, which he detested, rise at Bourton on the terrace in the summer sky.

"Tell me," he said, seizing her by the shoulders. "Are you happy, Clarissa? Does Richard--"

The door opened.

"Here is my Elizabeth," said Clarissa, emotionally, histrionically, perhaps.

"How d'y do?" said Elizabeth coming forward.

The sound of Big Ben striking the half-hour struck out between them with extraordinary vigour, as if a young man, strong, indifferent, inconsiderate, were swinging dumb-bells this way and that.

"Hullo, Elizabeth!" cried Peter, stuffing his handkerchief into his pocket, going quickly to her, saying "Good-bye, Clarissa" without looking at her, leaving the room quickly, and running downstairs and opening the hall door.

"Peter! Peter!" cried Clarissa, following him out on to the landing. "My party to-night! Remember my party to-night!" she cried, having to raise her voice against the roar of the open air, and, overwhelmed by the traffic and the sound of all the clocks striking, her voice crying "Remember my party to-night!" sounded frail and thin and very far away as Peter Walsh shut the door.

 

 

Remember my party, remember my party, said Peter Walsh as he stepped down the street, speaking to himself rhythmically, in time with the flow of the sound, the direct downright sound of Big Ben striking the half-hour. (The leaden circles dissolved in the air.) Oh these parties, he thought; Clarissa's parties. Why does she give these parties, he thought. Not that he blamed her or this effigy of a man in a tail-coat with a carnation in his buttonhole coming towards him. Only one person in the world could be as he was, in love. And there he was, this fortunate man, himself, reflected in the plate-glass window of a motor-car manufacturer in Victoria Street. All India lay behind him; plains, mountains; epidemics of cholera; a district twice as big as Ireland; decisions he had come to alone--he, Peter Walsh; who was now really for the first time in his life, in love. Clarissa had grown hard, he thought; and a trifle sentimental into the bargain, he suspected, looking at the great motor-cars capable of doing--how many miles on how many gallons? For he had a turn for mechanics; had invented a plough in his district, had ordered wheel-barrows from England, but the coolies wouldn't use them, all of which Clarissa knew nothing whatever about.

The way she said "Here is my Elizabeth!"--that annoyed him. Why not "Here's Elizabeth" simply? It was insincere. And Elizabeth didn't like it either. (Still the last tremors of the great booming voice shook the air round him; the half-hour; still early; only half-past eleven still.) For he understood young people; he liked them. There was always something cold in Clarissa, he thought. She had always, even as a girl, a sort of timidity, which in middle age becomes conventionality, and then it's all up, it's all up, he thought, looking rather drearily into the glassy depths, and wondering whether by calling at that hour he had annoyed her; overcome with shame suddenly at having been a fool; wept; been emotional; told her everything, as usual, as usual.

As a cloud crosses the sun, silence falls on London; and falls on the mind. Effort ceases. Time flaps on the mast. There we stop; there we stand. Rigid, the skeleton of habit alone upholds the human frame. Where there is nothing, Peter Walsh said to himself; feeling hollowed out, utterly empty within. Clarissa refused me, he thought. He stood there thinking, Clarissa refused me.

Ah, said St. Margaret's, like a hostess who comes into her drawing-room on the very stroke of the hour and finds her guests there already. I am not late. No, it is precisely half-past eleven, she says. Yet, though she is perfectly right, her voice, being the voice of the hostess, is reluctant to inflict its individuality. Some grief for the past holds it back; some concern for the present. It is half-past eleven, she says, and the sound of St. Margaret's glides into the recesses of the heart and buries itself in ring after ring of sound, like something alive which wants to confide itself, to disperse itself, to be, with a tremor of delight, at rest--like Clarissa herself, thought Peter Walsh, coming down the stairs on the stroke of the hour in white. It is Clarissa herself, he thought, with a deep emotion, and an extraordinarily clear, yet puzzling, recollection of her, as if this bell had come into the room years ago, where they sat at some moment of great intimacy, and had gone from one to the other and had left, like a bee with honey, laden with the moment. But what room? What moment? And why had he been so profoundly happy when the clock was striking? Then, as the sound of St. Margaret's languished, he thought, She has been ill, and the sound expressed languor and suffering. It was her heart, he remembered; and the sudden loudness of the final stroke tolled for death that surprised in the midst of life, Clarissa falling where she stood, in her drawing-room. No! No! he cried. She is not dead! I am not old, he cried, and marched up Whitehall, as if there rolled down to him, vigorous, unending, his future.

He was not old, or set, or dried in the least. As for caring what they said of him--the Dalloways, the Whitbreads, and their set, he cared not a straw--not a straw (though it was true he would have, some time or other, to see whether Richard couldn't help him to some job). Striding, staring, he glared at the statue of the Duke of Cambridge. He had been sent down from Oxford--true. He had been a Socialist, in some sense a failure--true. Still the future of civilisation lies, he thought, in the hands of young men like that; of young men such as he was, thirty years ago; with their love of abstract principles; getting books sent out to them all the way from London to a peak in the Himalayas; reading science; reading philosophy. The future lies in the hands of young men like that, he thought.

A patter like the patter of leaves in a wood came from behind, and with it a rustling, regular thudding sound, which as it overtook him drummed his thoughts, strict in step, up Whitehall, without his doing. Boys in uniform, carrying guns, marched with their eyes ahead of them, marched, their arms stiff, and on their faces an expression like the letters of a legend written round the base of a statue praising duty, gratitude, fidelity, love of England.

It is, thought Peter Walsh, beginning to keep step with them, a very fine training. But they did not look robust. They were weedy for the most part, boys of sixteen, who might, to-morrow, stand behind bowls of rice, cakes of soap on counters. Now they wore on them unmixed with sensual pleasure or daily preoccupations the solemnity of the wreath which they had fetched from Finsbury Pavement to the empty tomb. They had taken their vow. The traffic respected it; vans were stopped.

I can't keep up with them, Peter Walsh thought, as they marched up Whitehall, and sure enough, on they marched, past him, past every one, in their steady way, as if one will worked legs and arms uniformly, and life, with its varieties, its irreticences, had been laid under a pavement of monuments and wreaths and drugged into a stiff yet staring corpse by discipline. One had to respect it; one might laugh; but one had to respect it, he thought. There they go, thought Peter Walsh, pausing at the edge of the pavement; and all the exalted statues, Nelson, Gordon, Havelock, the black, the spectacular images of great soldiers stood looking ahead of them, as if they too had made the same renunciation (Peter Walsh felt he too had made it, the great renunciation), trampled under the same temptations, and achieved at length a marble stare. But the stare Peter Walsh did not want for himself in the least; though he could respect it in others. He could respect it in boys. They don't know the troubles of the flesh yet, he thought, as the marching boys disappeared in the direction of the Strand--all that I've been through, he thought, crossing the road, and standing under Gordon's statue, Gordon whom as a boy he had worshipped; Gordon standing lonely with one leg raised and his arms crossed,--poor Gordon, he thought.

And just because nobody yet knew he was in London, except Clarissa, and the earth, after the voyage, still seemed an island to him, the strangeness of standing alone, alive, unknown, at half-past eleven in Trafalgar Square overcame him. What is it? Where am I? And why, after all, does one do it? he thought, the divorce seeming all moonshine. And down his mind went flat as a marsh, and three great emotions bowled over him; understanding; a vast philanthropy; and finally, as if the result of the others, an irrepressible, exquisite delight; as if inside his brain by another hand strings were pulled, shutters moved, and he, having nothing to do with it, yet stood at the opening of endless avenues, down which if he chose he might wander. He had not felt so young for years.

He had escaped! was utterly free--as happens in the downfall of habit when the mind, like an unguarded flame, bows and bends and seems about to blow from its holding. I haven't felt so young for years! thought Peter, escaping (only of course for an hour or so) from being precisely what he was, and feeling like a child who runs out of doors, and sees, as he runs, his old nurse waving at the wrong window. But she's extraordinarily attractive, he thought, as, walking across Trafalgar Square in the direction of the Haymarket, came a young woman who, as she passed Gordon's statue, seemed, Peter Walsh thought (susceptible as he was), to shed veil after veil, until she became the very woman he had always had in mind; young, but stately; merry, but discreet; black, but enchanting.

Straightening himself and stealthily fingering his pocket-knife he started after her to follow this woman, this excitement, which seemed even with its back turned to shed on him a light which connected them, which singled him out, as if the random uproar of the traffic had whispered through hollowed hands his name, not Peter, but his private name which he called himself in his own thoughts. "You," she said, only "you," saying it with her white gloves and her shoulders. Then the thin long cloak which the wind stirred as she walked past Dent's shop in Cockspur Street blew out with an enveloping kindness, a mournful tenderness, as of arms that would open and take the tired--

But she's not married; she's young; quite young, thought Peter, the red carnation he had seen her wear as she came across Trafalgar Square burning again in his eyes and making her lips red. But she waited at the kerbstone. There was a dignity about her. She was not worldly, like Clarissa; not rich, like Clarissa. Was she, he wondered as she moved, respectable? Witty, with a lizard's flickering tongue, he thought (for one must invent, must allow oneself a little diversion), a cool waiting wit, a darting wit; not noisy.

She moved; she crossed; he followed her. To embarrass her was the last thing he wished. Still if she stopped he would say "Come and have an ice," he would say, and she would answer, perfectly simply, "Oh yes."

But other people got between them in the street, obstructing him, blotting her out. He pursued; she changed. There was colour in her cheeks; mockery in her eyes; he was an adventurer, reckless, he thought, swift, daring, indeed (landed as he was last night from India) a romantic buccaneer, careless of all these damned proprieties, yellow dressing-gowns, pipes, fishing-rods, in the shop windows; and respectability and evening parties and spruce old men wearing white slips beneath their waistcoats. He was a buccaneer. On and on she went, across Piccadilly, and up Regent Street, ahead of him, her cloak, her gloves, her shoulders combining with the fringes and the laces and the feather boas in the windows to make the spirit of finery and whimsy which dwindled out of the shops on to the pavement, as the light of a lamp goes wavering at night over hedges in the darkness.

Laughing and delightful, she had crossed Oxford Street and Great Portland Street and turned down one of the little streets, and now, and now, the great moment was approaching, for now she slackened, opened her bag, and with one look in his direction, but not at him, one look that bade farewell, summed up the whole situation and dismissed it triumphantly, for ever, had fitted her key, opened the door, and gone! Clarissa's voice saying, Remember my party, Remember my party, sang in his ears. The house was one of those flat red houses with hanging flower-baskets of vague impropriety. It was over.

Well, I've had my fun; I've had it, he thought, looking up at the swinging baskets of pale geraniums. And it was smashed to atoms--his fun, for it was half made up, as he knew very well; invented, this escapade with the girl; made up, as one makes up the better part of life, he thought--making oneself up; making her up; creating an exquisite amusement, and something more. But odd it was, and quite true; all this one could never share--it smashed to atoms.

He turned; went up the street, thinking to find somewhere to sit, till it was time for Lincoln's Inn--for Messrs. Hooper and Grateley. Where should he go? No matter. Up the street, then, towards Regent's Park. His boots on the pavement struck out "no matter"; for it was early, still very early.

It was a splendid morning too. Like the pulse of a perfect heart, life struck straight through the streets. There was no fumbling--no hesitation. Sweeping and swerving, accurately, punctually, noiselessly, there, precisely at the right instant, the motor-car stopped at the door. The girl, silk-stockinged, feathered, evanescent, but not to him particularly attractive (for he had had his fling), alighted. Admirable butlers, tawny chow dogs, halls laid in black and white lozenges with white blinds blowing, Peter saw through the opened door and approved of. A splendid achievement in its own way, after all, London; the season; civilisation. Coming as he did from a respectable Anglo-Indian family which for at least three generations had administered the affairs of a continent (it's strange, he thought, what a sentiment I have about that, disliking India, and empire, and army as he did), there were moments when civilisation, even of this sort, seemed dear to him as a personal possession; moments of pride in England; in butlers; chow dogs; girls in their security. Ridiculous enough, still there it is, he thought. And the doctors and men of business and capable women all going about their business, punctual, alert, robust, seemed to him wholly admirable, good fellows, to whom one would entrust one's life, companions in the art of living, who would see one through. What with one thing and another, the show was really very tolerable; and he would sit down in the shade and smoke.

There was Regent's Park. Yes. As a child he had walked in Regent's Park--odd, he thought, how the thought of childhood keeps coming back to me--the result of seeing Clarissa, perhaps; for women live much more in the past than we do, he thought. They attach themselves to places; and their fathers--a woman's always proud of her father. Bourton was a nice place, a very nice place, but I could never get on with the old man, he thought. There was quite a scene one night--an argument about something or other, what, he could not remember. Politics presumably.

Yes, he remembered Regent's Park; the long straight walk; the little house where one bought air-balls to the left; an absurd statue with an inscription somewhere or other. He looked for an empty seat. He did not want to be bothered (feeling a little drowsy as he did) by people asking him the time. An elderly grey nurse, with a baby asleep in its perambulator--that was the best he could do for himself; sit down at the far end of the seat by that nurse.

She's a queer-looking girl, he thought, suddenly remembering Elizabeth as she came into the room and stood by her mother. Grown big; quite grown-up, not exactly pretty; handsome rather; and she can't be more than eighteen. Probably she doesn't get on with Clarissa. "There's my Elizabeth"--that sort of thing--why not "Here's Elizabeth" simply?--trying to make out, like most mothers, that things are what they're not. She trusts to her charm too much, he thought. She overdoes it.

The rich benignant cigar smoke eddied coolly down his throat; he puffed it out again in rings which breasted the air bravely for a moment; blue, circular--I shall try and get a word alone with Elizabeth to-night, he thought--then began to wobble into hour-glass shapes and taper away; odd shapes they take, he thought. Suddenly he closed his eyes, raised his hand with an effort, and threw away the heavy end of his cigar. A great brush swept smooth across his mind, sweeping across it moving branches, children's voices, the shuffle of feet, and people passing, and humming traffic, rising and falling traffic. Down, down he sank into the plumes and feathers of sleep, sank, and was muffled over.

 

 

The grey nurse resumed her knitting as Peter Walsh, on the hot seat beside her, began snoring. In her grey dress, moving her hands indefatigably yet quietly, she seemed like the champion of the rights of sleepers, like one of those spectral presences which rise in twilight in woods made of sky and branches. The solitary traveller, haunter of lanes, disturber of ferns, and devastator of great hemlock plants, looking up, suddenly sees the giant figure at the end of the ride.

By conviction an atheist perhaps, he is taken by surprise with moments of extraordinary exaltation. Nothing exists outside us except a state of mind, he thinks; a desire for solace, for relief, for something outside these miserable pigmies, these feeble, these ugly, these craven men and women. But if he can conceive of her, then in some sort she exists, he thinks, and advancing down the path with his eyes upon sky and branches he rapidly endows them with womanhood; sees with amazement how grave they become; how majestically, as the breeze stirs them, they dispense with a dark flutter of the leaves charity, comprehension, absolution, and then, flinging themselves suddenly aloft, confound the piety of their aspect with a wild carouse.

Such are the visions which proffer great cornucopias full of fruit to the solitary traveller, or murmur in his ear like sirens lolloping away on the green sea waves, or are dashed in his face like bunches of roses, or rise to the surface like pale faces which fishermen flounder through floods to embrace.

Such are the visions which ceaselessly float up, pace beside, put their faces in front of, the actual thing; often overpowering the solitary traveller and taking away from him the sense of the earth, the wish to return, and giving him for substitute a general peace, as if (so he thinks as he advances down the forest ride) all this fever of living were simplicity itself; and myriads of things merged in one thing; and this figure, made of sky and branches as it is, had risen from the troubled sea (he is elderly, past fifty now) as a shape might be sucked up out of the waves to shower down from her magnificent hands compassion, comprehension, absolution. So, he thinks, may I never go back to the lamplight; to the sitting-room; never finish my book; never knock out my pipe; never ring for Mrs. Turner to clear away; rather let me walk straight on to this great figure, who will, with a toss of her head, mount me on her streamers and let me blow to nothingness with the rest.

Such are the visions. The solitary traveller is soon beyond the wood; and there, coming to the door with shaded eyes, possibly to look for his return, with hands raised, with white apron blowing, is an elderly woman who seems (so powerful is this infirmity) to seek, over a desert, a lost son; to search for a rider destroyed; to be the figure of the mother whose sons have been killed in the battles of the world. So, as the solitary traveller advances down the village street where the women stand knitting and the men dig in the garden, the evening seems ominous; the figures still; as if some august fate, known to them, awaited without fear, were about to sweep them into complete annihilation.

Indoors among ordinary things, the cupboard, the table, the window-sill with its geraniums, suddenly the outline of the landlady, bending to remove the cloth, becomes soft with light, an adorable emblem which only the recollection of cold human contacts forbids us to embrace. She takes the marmalade; she shuts it in the cupboard.

"There is nothing more to-night, sir?"

But to whom does the solitary traveller make reply?

 

 

So the elderly nurse knitted over the sleeping baby in Regent's Park. So Peter Walsh snored.

He woke with extreme suddenness, saying to himself, "The death of the soul."

"Lord, Lord!" he said to himself out loud, stretching and opening his eyes. "The death of the soul." The words attached themselves to some scene, to some room, to some past he had been dreaming of. It became clearer; the scene, the room, the past he had been dreaming of.

It was at Bourton that summer, early in the 'nineties, when he was so passionately in love with Clarissa. There were a great many people there, laughing and talking, sitting round a table after tea and the room was bathed in yellow light and full of cigarette smoke. They were talking about a man who had married his housemaid, one of the neighbouring squires, he had forgotten his name. He had married his housemaid, and she had been brought to Bourton to call--an awful visit it had been. She was absurdly over-dressed, "like a cockatoo," Clarissa had said, imitating her, and she never stopped talking. On and on she went, on and on. Clarissa imitated her. Then somebody said--Sally Seton it was--did it make any real difference to one's feelings to know that before they'd married she had had a baby? (In those days, in mixed company, it was a bold thing to say.) He could see Clarissa now, turning bright pink; somehow contracting; and saying, "Oh, I shall never be able to speak to her again!" Whereupon the whole party sitting round the tea-table seemed to wobble. It was very uncomfortable.

He hadn't blamed her for minding the fact, since in those days a girl brought up as she was, knew nothing, but it was her manner that annoyed him; timid; hard; something arrogant; unimaginative; prudish. "The death of the soul." He had said that instinctively, ticketing the moment as he used to do--the death of her soul.

Every one wobbled; every one seemed to bow, as she spoke, and then to stand up different. He could see Sally Seton, like a child who has been in mischief, leaning forward, rather flushed, wanting to talk, but afraid, and Clarissa did frighten people. (She was Clarissa's greatest friend, always about the place, totally unlike her, an attractive creature, handsome, dark, with the reputation in those days of great daring and he used to give her cigars, which she smoked in her bedroom. She had either been engaged to somebody or quarrelled with her family and old Parry disliked them both equally, which was a great bond.) Then Clarissa, still with an air of being offended with them all, got up, made some excuse, and went off, alone. As she opened the door, in came that great shaggy dog which ran after sheep. She flung herself upon him, went into raptures. It was as if she said to Peter--it was all aimed at him, he knew--"I know you thought me absurd about that woman just now; but see how extraordinarily sympathetic I am; see how I love my Rob!"

They had always this queer power of communicating without words. She knew directly he criticised her. Then she would do something quite obvious to defend herself, like this fuss with the dog--but it never took him in, he always saw through Clarissa. Not that he said anything, of course; just sat looking glum. It was the way their quarrels often began.

She shut the door. At once he became extremely depressed. It all seemed useless--going on being in love; going on quarrelling; going on making it up, and he wandered off alone, among outhouses, stables, looking at the horses. (The place was quite a humble one; the Parrys were never very well off; but there were always grooms and stable-boys about--Clarissa loved riding--and an old coachman--what was his name?--an old nurse, old Moody, old Goody, some such name they called her, whom one was taken to visit in a little room with lots of photographs, lots of bird-cages.)

It was an awful evening! He grew more and more gloomy, not about that only; about everything. And he couldn't see her; couldn't explain to her; couldn't have it out. There were always people about--she'd go on as if nothing had happened. That was the devilish part of her--this coldness, this woodenness, something very profound in her, which he had felt again this morning talking to her; an impenetrability. Yet Heaven knows he loved her. She had some queer power of fiddling on one's nerves, turning one's nerves to fiddle-strings, yes.

He had gone in to dinner rather late, from some idiotic idea of making himself felt, and had sat down by old Miss Parry--Aunt Helena--Mr. Parry's sister, who was supposed to preside. There she sat in her white Cashmere shawl, with her head against the window--a formidable old lady, but kind to him, for he had found her some rare flower, and she was a great botanist, marching off in thick boots with a black collecting-box slung between her shoulders. He sat down beside her, and couldn't speak. Everything seemed to race past him; he just sat there, eating. And then half-way through dinner he made himself look across at Clarissa for the first time. She was talking to a young man on her right. He had a sudden revelation. "She will marry that man," he said to himself. He didn't even know his name.

For of course it was that afternoon, that very afternoon, that Dalloway had come over; and Clarissa called him "Wickham"; that was the beginning of it all. Somebody had brought him over; and Clarissa got his name wrong. She introduced him to everybody as Wickham. At last he said "My name is Dalloway!"--that was his first view of Richard--a fair young man, rather awkward, sitting on a deck-chair, and blurting out "My name is Dalloway!" Sally got hold of it; always after that she called him "My name is Dalloway!"

He was a prey to revelations at that time. This one--that she would marry Dalloway--was blinding--overwhelming at the moment. There was a sort of--how could he put it?--a sort of ease in her manner to him; something maternal; something gentle. They were talking about politics. All through dinner he tried to hear what they were saying.

Afterwards he could remember standing by old Miss Parry's chair in the drawing-room. Clarissa came up, with her perfect manners, like a real hostess, and wanted to introduce him to some one--spoke as if they had never met before, which enraged him. Yet even then he admired her for it. He admired her courage; her social instinct; he admired her power of carrying things through. "The perfect hostess," he said to her, whereupon she winced all over. But he meant her to feel it. He would have done anything to hurt her after seeing her with Dalloway. So she left him. And he had a feeling that they were all gathered together in a conspiracy against him--laughing and talking--behind his back. There he stood by Miss Parry's chair as though he had been cut out of wood, he talking about wild flowers. Never, never had he suffered so infernally! He must have forgotten even to pretend to listen; at last he woke up; he saw Miss Parry looking rather disturbed, rather indignant, with her prominent eyes fixed. He almost cried out that he couldn't attend because he was in Hell! People began going out of the room. He heard them talking about fetching cloaks; about its being cold on the water, and so on. They were going boating on the lake by moonlight--one of Sally's mad ideas. He could hear her describing the moon. And they all went out. He was left quite alone.

"Don't you want to go with them?" said Aunt Helena--old Miss Parry!--she had guessed. And he turned round and there was Clarissa again. She had come back to fetch him. He was overcome by her generosity--her goodness.

"Come along," she said. "They're waiting." He had never felt so happy in the whole of his life! Without a word they made it up. They walked down to the lake. He had twenty minutes of perfect happiness. Her voice, her laugh, her dress (something floating, white, crimson), her spirit, her adventurousness; she made them all disembark and explore the island; she startled a hen; she laughed; she sang. And all the time, he knew perfectly well, Dalloway was falling in love with her; she was falling in love with Dalloway; but it didn't seem to matter. Nothing mattered. They sat on the ground and talked--he and Clarissa. They went in and out of each other's minds without any effort. And then in a second it was over. He said to himself as they were getting into the boat, "She will marry that man," dully, without any resentment; but it was an obvious thing. Dalloway would marry Clarissa.

Dalloway rowed them in. He said nothing. But somehow as they watched him start, jumping on to his bicycle to ride twenty miles through the woods, wobbling off down the drive, waving his hand and disappearing, he obviously did feel, instinctively, tremendously, strongly, all that; the night; the romance; Clarissa. He deserved to have her.

For himself, he was absurd. His demands upon Clarissa (he could see it now) were absurd. He asked impossible things. He made terrible scenes. She would have accepted him still, perhaps, if he had been less absurd. Sally thought so. She wrote him all that summer long letters; how they had talked of him; how she had praised him, how Clarissa burst into tears! It was an extraordinary summer--all letters, scenes, telegrams--arriving at Bourton early in the morning, hanging about till the servants were up; appalling tte--ttes with old Mr. Parry at breakfast; Aunt Helena formidable but kind; Sally sweeping him off for talks in the vegetable garden; Clarissa in bed with headaches.

The final scene, the terrible scene which he believed had mattered more than anything in the whole of his life (it might be an exaggeration--but still so it did seem now) happened at three o'clock in the afternoon of a very hot day. It was a trifle that led up to it--Sally at lunch saying something about Dalloway, and calling him "My name is Dalloway"; whereupon Clarissa suddenly stiffened, coloured, in a way she had, and rapped out sharply, "We've had enough of that feeble joke." That was all; but for him it was precisely as if she had said, "I'm only amusing myself with you; I've an understanding with Richard Dalloway." So he took it. He had not slept for nights. "It's got to be finished one way or the other," he said to himself. He sent a note to her by Sally asking her to meet him by the fountain at three. "Something very important has happened," he scribbled at the end of it.

The fountain was in the middle of a little shrubbery, far from the house, with shrubs and trees all round it. There she came, even before the time, and they stood with the fountain between them, the spout (it was broken) dribbling water incessantly. How sights fix themselves upon the mind! For example, the vivid green moss.

She did not move. "Tell me the truth, tell me the truth," he kept on saying. He felt as if his forehead would burst. She seemed contracted, petrified. She did not move. "Tell me the truth," he repeated, when suddenly that old man Breitkopf popped his head in carrying the Times; stared at them; gaped; and went away. They neither of them moved. "Tell me the truth," he repeated. He felt that he was grinding against something physically hard; she was unyielding. She was like iron, like flint, rigid up the backbone. And when she said, "It's no use. It's no use. This is the end"--after he had spoken for hours, it seemed, with the tears running down his cheeks--it was as if she had hit him in the face. She turned, she left him, went away.

"Clarissa!" he cried. "Clarissa!" But she never came back. It was over. He went away that night. He never saw her again.

 

 

It was awful, he cried, awful, awful!

Still, the sun was hot. Still, one got over things. Still, life had a way of adding day to day. Still, he thought, yawning and beginning to take notice--Regent's Park had changed very little since he was a boy, except for the squirrels--still, presumably there were compensations--when little Elise Mitchell, who had been picking up pebbles to add to the pebble collection which she and her brother were making on the nursery mantelpiece, plumped her handful down on the nurse's knee and scudded off again full tilt into a lady's legs. Peter Walsh laughed out.

But Lucrezia Warren Smith was saying to herself, It's wicked; why should I suffer? she was asking, as she walked down the broad path. No; I can't stand it any longer, she was saying, having left Septimus, who wasn't Septimus any longer, to say hard, cruel, wicked things, to talk to himself, to talk to a dead man, on the seat over there; when the child ran full tilt into her, fell flat, and burst out crying.

That was comforting rather. She stood her upright, dusted her frock, kissed her.

But for herself she had done nothing wrong; she had loved Septimus; she had been happy; she had had a beautiful home, and there her sisters lived still, making hats. Why should she suffer?

The child ran straight back to its nurse, and Rezia saw her scolded, comforted, taken up by the nurse who put down her knitting, and the kind-looking man gave her his watch to blow open to comfort her--but why should she be exposed? Why not left in Milan? Why tortured? Why?

Slightly waved by tears the broad path, the nurse, the man in grey, the perambulator, rose and fell before her eyes. To be rocked by this malignant torturer was her lot. But why? She was like a bird sheltering under the thin hollow of a leaf, who blinks at the sun when the leaf moves; starts at the crack of a dry twig. She was exposed; she was surrounded by the enormous trees, vast clouds of an indifferent world, exposed; tortured; and why should she suffer? Why?

She frowned; she stamped her foot. She must go back again to Septimus since it was almost time for them to be going to Sir William Bradshaw. She must go back and tell him, go back to him sitting there on the green chair under the tree, talking to himself, or to that dead man Evans, whom she had only seen once for a moment in the shop. He had seemed a nice quiet man; a great friend of Septimus's, and he had been killed in the War. But such things happen to every one. Every one has friends who were killed in the War. Every one gives up something when they marry. She had given up her home. She had come to live here, in this awful city. But Septimus let himself think about horrible things, as she could too, if she tried. He had grown stranger and stranger. He said people were talking behind the bedroom walls. Mrs. Filmer thought it odd. He saw things too--he had seen an old woman's head in the middle of a fern. Yet he could be happy when he chose. They went to Hampton Court on top of a bus, and they were perfectly happy. All the little red and yellow flowers were out on the grass, like floating lamps he said, and talked and chattered and laughed, making up stories. Suddenly he said, "Now we will kill ourselves," when they were standing by the river, and he looked at it with a look which she had seen in his eyes when a train went by, or an omnibus--a look as if something fascinated him; and she felt he was going from her and she caught him by the arm. But going home he was perfectly quiet--perfectly reasonable. He would argue with her about killing themselves; and explain how wicked people were; how he could see them making up lies as they passed in the street. He knew all their thoughts, he said; he knew everything. He knew the meaning of the world, he said.

Then when they got back he could hardly walk. He lay on the sofa and made her hold his hand to prevent him from falling down, down, he cried, into the flames! and saw faces laughing at him, calling him horrible disgusting names, from the walls, and hands pointing round the screen. Yet they were quite alone. But he began to talk aloud, answering people, arguing, laughing, crying, getting very excited and making her write things down. Perfect nonsense it was; about death; about Miss Isabel Pole. She could stand it no longer. She would go back.

She was close to him now, could see him staring at the sky, muttering, clasping his hands. Yet Dr. Holmes said there was nothing the matter with him. What then had happened--why had he gone, then, why, when she sat by him, did he start, frown at her, move away, and point at her hand, take her hand, look at it terrified?

Was it that she had taken off her wedding ring? "My hand has grown so thin," she said. "I have put it in my purse," she told him.

He dropped her hand. Their marriage was over, he thought, with agony, with relief. The rope was cut; he mounted; he was free, as it was decreed that he, Septimus, the lord of men, should be free; alone (since his wife had thrown away her wedding ring; since she had left him), he, Septimus, was alone, called forth in advance of the mass of men to hear the truth, to learn the meaning, which now at last, after all the toils of civilisation--Greeks, Romans, Shakespeare, Darwin, and now himself--was to be given whole to. . . . "To whom?" he asked aloud. "To the Prime Minister," the voices which rustled above his head replied. The supreme secret must be told to the Cabinet; first that trees are alive; next there is no crime; next love, universal love, he muttered, gasping, trembling, painfully drawing out these profound truths which needed, so deep were they, so difficult, an immense effort to speak out, but the world was entirely changed by them for ever.

No crime; love; he repeated, fumbling for his card and pencil, when a Skye terrier snuffed his trousers and he started in an agony of fear. It was turning into a man! He could not watch it happen! It was horrible, terrible to see a dog become a man! At once the dog trotted away.

Heaven was divinely merciful, infinitely benignant. It spared him, pardoned his weakness. But what was the scientific explanation (for one must be scientific above all things)? Why could he see through bodies, see into the future, when dogs will become men? It was the heat wave presumably, operating upon a brain made sensitive by eons of evolution. Scientifically speaking, the flesh was melted off the world. His body was macerated until only the nerve fibres were left. It was spread like a veil upon a rock.

He lay back in his chair, exhausted but upheld. He lay resting, waiting, before he again interpreted, with effort, with agony, to mankind. He lay very high, on the back of the world. The earth thrilled beneath him. Red flowers grew through his flesh; their stiff leaves rustled by his head. Music began clanging against the rocks up here. It is a motor horn down in the street, he muttered; but up here it cannoned from rock to rock, divided, met in shocks of sound which rose in smooth columns (that music should be visible was a discovery) and became an anthem, an anthem twined round now by a shepherd boy's piping (That's an old man playing a penny whistle by the public-house, he muttered) which, as the boy stood still came bubbling from his pipe, and then, as he climbed higher, made its exquisite plaint while the traffic passed beneath. This boy's elegy is played among the traffic, thought Septimus. Now he withdraws up into the snows, and roses hang about him--the thick red roses which grow on my bedroom wall, he reminded himself. The music stopped. He has his penny, he reasoned it out, and has gone on to the next public-house.

But he himself remained high on his rock, like a drowned sailor on a rock. I leant over the edge of the boat and fell down, he thought. I went under the sea. I have been dead, and yet am now alive, but let me rest still; he begged (he was talking to himself again--it was awful, awful!); and as, before waking, the voices of birds and the sound of wheels chime and chatter in a queer harmony, grow louder and louder and the sleeper feels himself drawing to the shores of life, so he felt himself drawing towards life, the sun growing hotter, cries sounding louder, something tremendous about to happen.

He had only to open his eyes; but a weight was on them; a fear. He strained; he pushed; he looked; he saw Regent's Park before him. Long streamers of sunlight fawned at his feet. The trees waved, brandished. We welcome, the world seemed to say; we accept; we create. Beauty, the world seemed to say. And as if to prove it (scientifically) wherever he looked at the houses, at the railings, at the antelopes stretching over the palings, beauty sprang instantly. To watch a leaf quivering in the rush of air was an exquisite joy. Up in the sky swallows swooping, swerving, flinging themselves in and out, round and round, yet always with perfect control as if elastics held them; and the flies rising and falling; and the sun spotting now this leaf, now that, in mockery, dazzling it with soft gold in pure good temper; and now and again some chime (it might be a motor horn) tinkling divinely on the grass stalks--all of this, calm and reasonable as it was, made out of ordinary things as it was, was the truth now; beauty, that was the truth now. Beauty was everywhere.

"It is time," said Rezia.

The word "time" split its husk; poured its riches over him; and from his lips fell like shells, like shavings from a plane, without his making them, hard, white, imperishable words, and flew to attach themselves to their places in an ode to Time; an immortal ode to Time. He sang. Evans answered from behind the tree. The dead were in Thessaly, Evans sang, among the orchids. There they waited till the War was over, and now the dead, now Evans himself--

"For God's sake don't come!" Septimus cried out. For he could not look upon the dead.

But the branches parted. A man in grey was actually walking towards them. It was Evans! But no mud was on him; no wounds; he was not changed. I must tell the whole world, Septimus cried, raising his hand (as the dead man in the grey suit came nearer), raising his hand like some colossal figure who has lamented the fate of man for ages in the desert alone with his hands pressed to his forehead, furrows of despair on his cheeks, and now sees light on the desert's edge which broadens and strikes the iron-black figure (and Septimus half rose from his chair), and with legions of men prostrate behind him he, the giant mourner, receives for one moment on his face the whole--

"But I am so unhappy, Septimus," said Rezia trying to make him sit down.

The millions lamented; for ages they had sorrowed. He would turn round, he would tell them in a few moments, only a few moments more, of this relief, of this joy, of this astonishing revelation--

"The time, Septimus," Rezia repeated. "What is the time?"

He was talking, he was starting, this man must notice him. He was looking at them.

"I will tell you the time," said Septimus, very slowly, very drowsily, smiling mysteriously. As he sat smiling at the dead man in the grey suit the quarter struck--the quarter to twelve.

And that is being young, Peter Walsh thought as he passed them. To be having an awful scene--the poor girl looked absolutely desperate--in the middle of the morning. But what was it about, he wondered, what had the young man in the overcoat been saying to her to make her look like that; what awful fix had they got themselves into, both to look so desperate as that on a fine summer morning? The amusing thing about coming back to England, after five years, was the way it made, anyhow the first days, things stand out as if one had never seen them before; lovers squabbling under a tree; the domestic family life of the parks. Never had he seen London look so enchanting--the softness of the distances; the richness; the greenness; the civilisation, after India, he thought, strolling across the grass.

This susceptibility to impressions had been his undoing no doubt. Still at his age he had, like a boy or a girl even, these alternations of mood; good days, bad days, for no reason whatever, happiness from a pretty face, downright misery at the sight of a frump. After India of course one fell in love with every woman one met. There was a freshness about them; even the poorest dressed better than five years ago surely; and to his eye the fashions had never been so becoming; the long black cloaks; the slimness; the elegance; and then the delicious and apparently universal habit of paint. Every woman, even the most respectable, had roses blooming under glass; lips cut with a knife; curls of Indian ink; there was design, art, everywhere; a change of some sort had undoubtedly taken place. What did the young people think about? Peter Walsh asked himself.

Those five years--1918 to 1923--had been, he suspected, somehow very important. People looked different. Newspapers seemed different. Now for instance there was a man writing quite openly in one of the respectable weeklies about water-closets. That you couldn't have done ten years ago--written quite openly about water-closets in a respectable weekly. And then this taking out a stick of rouge, or a powder-puff and making up in public. On board ship coming home there were lots of young men and girls--Betty and Bertie he remembered in particular--carrying on quite openly; the old mother sitting and watching them with her knitting, cool as a cucumber. The girl would stand still and powder her nose in front of every one. And they weren't engaged; just having a good time; no feelings hurt on either side. As hard as nails she was--Betty What'shername--; but a thorough good sort. She would make a very good wife at thirty--she would marry when it suited her to marry; marry some rich man and live in a large house near Manchester.

Who was it now who had done that? Peter Walsh asked himself, turning into the Broad Walk,--married a rich man and lived in a large house near Manchester? Somebody who had written him a long, gushing letter quite lately about "blue hydrangeas." It was seeing blue hydrangeas that made her think of him and the old days--Sally Seton, of course! It was Sally Seton--the last person in the world one would have expected to marry a rich man and live in a large house near Manchester, the wild, the daring, the romantic Sally!

But of all that ancient lot, Clarissa's friends--Whitbreads, Kinderleys, Cunninghams, Kinloch-Jones's--Sally was probably the best. She tried to get hold of things by the right end anyhow. She saw through Hugh Whitbread anyhow--the admirable Hugh--when Clarissa and the rest were at his feet.

"The Whitbreads?" he could hear her saying. "Who are the Whitbreads? Coal merchants. Respectable tradespeople."

Hugh she detested for some reason. He thought of nothing but his own appearance, she said. He ought to have been a Duke. He would be certain to marry one of the Royal Princesses. And of course Hugh had the most extraordinary, the most natural, the most sublime respect for the British aristocracy of any human being he had ever come across. Even Clarissa had to own that. Oh, but he was such a dear, so unselfish, gave up shooting to please his old mother--remembered his aunts' birthdays, and so on.

Sally, to do her justice, saw through all that. One of the things he remembered best was an argument one Sunday morning at Bourton about women's rights (that antediluvian topic), when Sally suddenly lost her temper, flared up, and told Hugh that he represented all that was most detestable in British middle-class life. She told him that she considered him responsible for the state of "those poor girls in Piccadilly"--Hugh, the perfect gentleman, poor Hugh!--never did a man look more horrified! She did it on purpose she said afterwards (for they used to get together in the vegetable garden and compare notes). "He's read nothing, thought nothing, felt nothing," he could hear her saying in that very emphatic voice which carried so much farther than she knew. The stable boys had more life in them than Hugh, she said. He was a perfect specimen of the public school type, she said. No country but England could have produced him. She was really spiteful, for some reason; had some grudge against him. Something had happened--he forgot what--in the smoking-room. He had insulted her--kissed her? Incredible! Nobody believed a word against Hugh of course. Who could? Kissing Sally in the smoking-room! If it had been some Honourable Edith or Lady Violet, perhaps; but not that ragamuffin Sally without a penny to her name, and a father or a mother gambling at Monte Carlo. For of all the people he had ever met Hugh was the greatest snob--the most obsequious--no, he didn't cringe exactly. He was too much of a prig for that. A first-rate valet was the obvious comparison--somebody who walked behind carrying suit cases; could be trusted to send telegrams--indispensable to hostesses. And he'd found his job--married his Honourable Evelyn; got some little post at Court, looked after the King's cellars, polished the Imperial shoe-buckles, went about in knee-breeches and lace ruffles. How remorseless life is! A little job at Court!

He had married this lady, the Honourable Evelyn, and they lived hereabouts, so he thought (looking at the pompous houses overlooking the Park), for he had lunched there once in a house which had, like all Hugh's possessions, something that no other house could possibly have--linen cupboards it might have been. You had to go and look at them--you had to spend a great deal of time always admiring whatever it was--linen cupboards, pillow-cases, old oak furniture, pictures, which Hugh had picked up for an old song. But Mrs. Hugh sometimes gave the show away. She was one of those obscure mouse-like little women who admire big men. She was almost negligible. Then suddenly she would say something quite unexpected--something sharp. She had the relics of the grand manner perhaps. The steam coal was a little too strong for her--it made the atmosphere thick. And so there they lived, with their linen cupboards and their old masters and their pillow-cases fringed with real lace at the rate of five or ten thousand a year presumably, while he, who was two years older than Hugh, cadged for a job.

At fifty-three he had to come and ask them to put him into some secretary's office, to find him some usher's job teaching little boys Latin, at the beck and call of some mandarin in an office, something that brought in five hundred a year; for if he married Daisy, even with his pension, they could never do on less. Whitbread could do it presumably; or Dalloway. He didn't mind what he asked Dalloway. He was a thorough good sort; a bit limited; a bit thick in the head; yes; but a thorough good sort. Whatever he took up he did in the same matter-of-fact sensible way; without a touch of imagination, without a spark of brilliancy, but with the inexplicable niceness of his type. He ought to have been a country gentleman--he was wasted on politics. He was at his best out of doors, with horses and dogs--how good he was, for instance, when that great shaggy dog of Clarissa's got caught in a trap and had its paw half torn off, and Clarissa turned faint and Dalloway did the whole thing; bandaged, made splints; told Clarissa not to be a fool. That was what she liked him for perhaps--that was what she needed. "Now, my dear, don't be a fool. Hold this--fetch that," all the time talking to the dog as if it were a human being.

But how could she swallow all that stuff about poetry? How could she let him hold forth about Shakespeare? Seriously and solemnly Richard Dalloway got on his hind legs and said that no decent man ought to read Shakespeare's sonnets because it was like listening at keyholes (besides the relationship was not one that he approved). No decent man ought to let his wife visit a deceased wife's sister. Incredible! The only thing to do was to pelt him with sugared almonds--it was at dinner. But Clarissa sucked it all in; thought it so honest of him; so independent of him; Heaven knows if she didn't think him the most original mind she'd ever met!

That was one of the bonds between Sally and himself. There was a garden where they used to walk, a walled-in place, with rose-bushes and giant cauliflowers--he could remember Sally tearing off a rose, stopping to exclaim at the beauty of the cabbage leaves in the moonlight (it was extraordinary how vividly it all came back to him, things he hadn't thought of for years,) while she implored him, half laughing of course, to carry off Clarissa, to save her from the Hughs and the Dalloways and all the other "perfect gentlemen" who would "stifle her soul" (she wrote reams of poetry in those days), make a mere hostess of her, encourage her worldliness. But one must do Clarissa justice. She wasn't going to marry Hugh anyhow. She had a perfectly clear notion of what she wanted. Her emotions were all on the surface. Beneath, she was very shrewd--a far better judge of character than Sally, for instance, and with it all, purely feminine; with that extraordinary gift, that woman's gift, of making a world of her own wherever she happened to be. She came into a room; she stood, as he had often seen her, in a doorway with lots of people round her. But it was Clarissa one remembered. Not that she was striking; not beautiful at all; there was nothing picturesque about her; she never said anything specially clever; there she was, however; there she was.

No, no, no! He was not in love with her any more! He only felt, after seeing her that morning, among her scissors and silks, making ready for the party, unable to get away from the thought of her; she kept coming back and back like a sleeper jolting against him in a railway carriage; which was not being in love, of course; it was thinking of her, criticising her, starting again, after thirty years, trying to explain her. The obvious thing to say of her was that she was worldly; cared too much for rank and society and getting on in the world--which was true in a sense; she had admitted it to him. (You could always get her to own up if you took the trouble; she was honest.) What she would say was that she hated frumps, fogies, failures, like himself presumably; thought people had no right to slouch about with their hands in their pockets; must do something, be something; and these great swells, these Duchesses, these hoary old Countesses one met in her drawing-room, unspeakably remote as he felt them to be from anything that mattered a straw, stood for something real to her. Lady Bexborough, she said once, held herself upright (so did Clarissa herself; she never lounged in any sense of the word; she was straight as a dart, a little rigid in fact). She said they had a kind of courage which the older she grew the more she respected. In all this there was a great deal of Dalloway, of course; a great deal of the public-spirited, British Empire, tariff-reform, governing-class spirit, which had grown on her, as it tends to do. With twice his wits, she had to see things through his eyes--one of the tragedies of married life. With a mind of her own, she must always be quoting Richard--as if one couldn't know to a tittle what Richard thought by reading the Morning Post of a morning! These parties for example were all for him, or for her idea of him (to do Richard justice he would have been happier farming in Norfolk). She made her drawing-room a sort of meeting-place; she had a genius for it. Over and over again he had seen her take some raw youth, twist him, turn him, wake him up; set him going. Infinite numbers of dull people conglomerated round her of course. But odd unexpected people turned up; an artist sometimes; sometimes a writer; queer fish in that atmosphere. And behind it all was that network of visiting, leaving cards, being kind to people; running about with bunches of flowers, little presents; So-and-so was going to France--must have an air-cushion; a real drain on her strength; all that interminable traffic that women of her sort keep up; but she did it genuinely, from a natural instinct.

Oddly enough, she was one of the most thoroughgoing sceptics he had ever met, and possibly (this was a theory he used to make up to account for her, so transparent in some ways, so inscrutable in others), possibly she said to herself, As we are a doomed race, chained to a sinking ship (her favourite reading as a girl was Huxley and Tyndall, and they were fond of these nautical metaphors), as the whole thing is a bad joke, let us, at any rate, do our part; mitigate the sufferings of our fellow-prisoners (Huxley again); decorate the dungeon with flowers and air-cushions; be as decent as we possibly can. Those ruffians, the Gods, shan't have it all their own way,--her notion being that the Gods, who never lost a chance of hurting, thwarting and spoiling human lives were seriously put out if, all the same, you behaved like a lady. That phase came directly after Sylvia's death--that horrible affair. To see your own sister killed by a falling tree (all Justin Parry's fault--all his carelessness) before your very eyes, a girl too on the verge of life, the most gifted of them, Clarissa always said, was enough to turn one bitter. Later she wasn't so positive perhaps; she thought there were no Gods; no one was to blame; and so she evolved this atheist's religion of doing good for the sake of goodness.

And of course she enjoyed life immensely. It was her nature to enjoy (though goodness only knows, she had her reserves; it was a mere sketch, he often felt, that even he, after all these years, could make of Clarissa). Anyhow there was no bitterness in her; none of that sense of moral virtue which is so repulsive in good women. She enjoyed practically everything. If you walked with her in Hyde Park now it was a bed of tulips, now a child in a perambulator, now some absurd little drama she made up on the spur of the moment. (Very likely, she would have talked to those lovers, if she had thought them unhappy.) She had a sense of comedy that was really exquisite, but she needed people, always people, to bring it out, with the inevitable result that she frittered her time away, lunching, dining, giving these incessant parties of hers, talking nonsense, sayings things she didn't mean, blunting the edge of her mind, losing her discrimination. There she would sit at the head of the table taking infinite pains with some old buffer who might be useful to Dalloway--they knew the most appalling bores in Europe--or in came Elizabeth and everything must give way to her. She was at a High School, at the inarticulate stage last time he was over, a round-eyed, pale-faced girl, with nothing of her mother in her, a silent stolid creature, who took it all as a matter of course, let her mother make a fuss of her, and then said "May I go now?" like a child of four; going off, Clarissa explained, with that mixture of amusement and pride which Dalloway himself seemed to rouse in her, to play hockey. And now Elizabeth was "out," presumably; thought him an old fogy, laughed at her mother's friends. Ah well, so be it. The compensation of growing old, Peter Walsh thought, coming out of Regent's Park, and holding his hat in hand, was simply this; that the passions remain as strong as ever, but one has gained--at last!--the power which adds the supreme flavour to existence,--the power of taking hold of experience, of turning it round, slowly, in the light.

A terrible confession it was (he put his hat on again), but now, at the age of fifty-three one scarcely needed people any more. Life itself, every moment of it, every drop of it, here, this instant, now, in the sun, in Regent's Park, was enough. Too much indeed. A whole lifetime was too short to bring out, now that one had acquired the power, the full flavour; to extract every ounce of pleasure, every shade of meaning; which both were so much more solid than they used to be, so much less personal. It was impossible that he should ever suffer again as Clarissa had made him suffer. For hours at a time (pray God that one might say these things without being overheard!), for hours and days he never thought of Daisy.

Could it be that he was in love with her then, remembering the misery, the torture, the extraordinary passion of those days? It was a different thing altogether--a much pleasanter thing--the truth being, of course, that now she was in love with him. And that perhaps was the reason why, when the ship actually sailed, he felt an extraordinary relief, wanted nothing so much as to be alone; was annoyed to find all her little attentions--cigars, notes, a rug for the voyage--in his cabin. Every one if they were honest would say the same; one doesn't want people after fifty; one doesn't want to go on telling women they are pretty; that's what most men of fifty would say, Peter Walsh thought, if they were honest.

But then these astonishing accesses of emotion--bursting into tears this morning, what was all that about? What could Clarissa have thought of him? thought him a fool presumably, not for the first time. It was jealousy that was at the bottom of it--jealousy which survives every other passion of mankind, Peter Walsh thought, holding his pocket-knife at arm's length. She had been meeting Major Orde, Daisy said in her last letter; said it on purpose he knew; said it to make him jealous; he could see her wrinkling her forehead as she wrote, wondering what she could say to hurt him; and yet it made no difference; he was furious! All this pother of coming to England and seeing lawyers wasn't to marry her, but to prevent her from marrying anybody else. That was what tortured him, that was what came over him when he saw Clarissa so calm, so cold, so intent on her dress or whatever it was; realising what she might have spared him, what she had reduced him to--a whimpering, snivelling old ass. But women, he thought, shutting his pocket-knife, don't know what passion is. They don't know the meaning of it to men. Clarissa was as cold as an icicle. There she would sit on the sofa by his side, let him take her hand, give him one kiss--Here he was at the crossing.

A sound interrupted him; a frail quivering sound, a voice bubbling up without direction, vigour, beginning or end, running weakly and shrilly and with an absence of all human meaning into

 

ee um fah um so
foo swee too eem oo--

 

the voice of no age or sex, the voice of an ancient spring spouting from the earth; which issued, just opposite Regent's Park Tube station from a tall quivering shape, like a funnel, like a rusty pump, like a wind-beaten tree for ever barren of leaves which lets the wind run up and down its branches singing

 

ee um fah um so
foo swee too eem oo

 

and rocks and creaks and moans in the eternal breeze.

Through all ages--when the pavement was grass, when it was swamp, through the age of tusk and mammoth, through the age of silent sunrise, the battered woman--for she wore a skirt--with her right hand exposed, her left clutching at her side, stood singing of love--love which has lasted a million years, she sang, love which prevails, and millions of years ago, her lover, who had been dead these centuries, had walked, she crooned, with her in May; but in the course of ages, long as summer days, and flaming, she remembered, with nothing but red asters, he had gone; death's enormous sickle had swept those tremendous hills, and when at last she laid her hoary and immensely aged head on the earth, now become a mere cinder of ice, she implored the Gods to lay by her side a bunch of purple-heather, there on her high burial place which the last rays of the last sun caressed; for then the pageant of the universe would be over.

As the ancient song bubbled up opposite Regent's Park Tube station still the earth seemed green and flowery; still, though it issued from so rude a mouth, a mere hole in the earth, muddy too, matted with root fibres and tangled grasses, still the old bubbling burbling song, soaking through the knotted roots of infinite ages, and skeletons and treasure, streamed away in rivulets over the pavement and all along the Marylebone Road, and down towards Euston, fertilising, leaving a damp stain.

Still remembering how once in some primeval May she had walked with her lover, this rusty pump, this battered old woman with one hand exposed for coppers the other clutching her side, would still be there in ten million years, remembering how once she had walked in May, where the sea flows now, with whom it did not matter--he was a man, oh yes, a man who had loved her. But the passage of ages had blurred the clarity of that ancient May day; the bright petalled flowers were hoar and silver frosted; and she no longer saw, when she implored him (as she did now quite clearly) "look in my eyes with thy sweet eyes intently," she no longer saw brown eyes, black whiskers or sunburnt face but only a looming shape, a shadow shape, to which, with the bird-like freshness of the very aged she still twittered "give me your hand and let me press it gently" (Peter Walsh couldn't help giving the poor creature a coin as he stepped into his taxi), "and if some one should see, what matter they?" she demanded; and her fist clutched at her side, and she smiled, pocketing her shilling, and all peering inquisitive eyes seemed blotted out, and the passing generations--the pavement was crowded with bustling middle-class people--vanished, like leaves, to be trodden under, to be soaked and steeped and made mould of by that eternal spring--

 

ee um fah um so
foo swee too eem oo

 

"Poor old woman," said Rezia Warren Smith, waiting to cross.

Oh poor old wretch!

Suppose it was a wet night? Suppose one's father, or somebody who had known one in better days had happened to pass, and saw one standing there in the gutter? And where did she sleep at night?

Cheerfully, almost gaily, the invincible thread of sound wound up into the air like the smoke from a cottage chimney, winding up clean beech trees and issuing in a tuft of blue smoke among the topmost leaves. "And if some one should see, what matter they?"

Since she was so unhappy, for weeks and weeks now, Rezia had given meanings to things that happened, almost felt sometimes that she must stop people in the street, if they looked good, kind people, just to say to them "I am unhappy"; and this old woman singing in the street "if some one should see, what matter they?" made her suddenly quite sure that everything was going to be right. They were going to Sir William Bradshaw; she thought his name sounded nice; he would cure Septimus at once. And then there was a brewer's cart, and the grey horses had upright bristles of straw in their tails; there were newspaper placards. It was a silly, silly dream, being unhappy.

So they crossed, Mr. and Mrs. Septimus Warren Smith, and was there, after all, anything to draw attention to them, anything to make a passer-by suspect here is a young man who carries in him the greatest message in the world, and is, moreover, the happiest man in the world, and the most miserable? Perhaps they walked more slowly than other people, and there was something hesitating, trailing, in the man's walk, but what more natural for a clerk, who has not been in the West End on a weekday at this hour for years, than to keep looking at the sky, looking at this, that and the other, as if Portland Place were a room he had come into when the family are away, the chandeliers being hung in holland bags, and the caretaker, as she lets in long shafts of dusty light upon deserted, queer-looking armchairs, lifting one corner of the long blinds, explains to the visitors what a wonderful place it is; how wonderful, but at the same time, he thinks, as he looks at chairs and tables, how strange.

To look at, he might have been a clerk, but of the better sort; for he wore brown boots; his hands were educated; so, too, his profile--his angular, big-nosed, intelligent, sensitive profile; but not his lips altogether, for they were loose; and his eyes (as eyes tend to be), eyes merely; hazel, large; so that he was, on the whole, a border case, neither one thing nor the other, might end with a house at Purley and a motor car, or continue renting apartments in back streets all his life; one of those half-educated, self-educated men whose education is all learnt from books borrowed from public libraries, read in the evening after the day's work, on the advice of well-known authors consulted by letter.

As for the other experiences, the solitary ones, which people go through alone, in their bedrooms, in their offices, walking the fields and the streets of London, he had them; had left home, a mere boy, because of his mother; she lied; because he came down to tea for the fiftieth time with his hands unwashed; because he could see no future for a poet in Stroud; and so, making a confidant of his little sister, had gone to London leaving an absurd note behind him, such as great men have written, and the world has read later when the story of their struggles has become famous.

London has swallowed up many millions of young men called Smith; thought nothing of fantastic Christian names like Septimus with which their parents have thought to distinguish them. Lodging off the Euston Road, there were experiences, again experiences, such as change a face in two years from a pink innocent oval to a face lean, contracted, hostile. But of all this what could the most observant of friends have said except what a gardener says when he opens the conservatory door in the morning and finds a new blossom on his plant:--It has flowered; flowered from vanity, ambition, idealism, passion, loneliness, courage, laziness, the usual seeds, which all muddled up (in a room off the Euston Road), made him shy, and stammering, made him anxious to improve himself, made him fall in love with Miss Isabel Pole, lecturing in the Waterloo Road upon Shakespeare.

Was he not like Keats? she asked; and reflected how she might give him a taste of Antony and Cleopatra and the rest; lent him books; wrote him scraps of letters; and lit in him such a fire as burns only once in a lifetime, without heat, flickering a red gold flame infinitely ethereal and insubstantial over Miss Pole; Antony and Cleopatra; and the Waterloo Road. He thought her beautiful, believed her impeccably wise; dreamed of her, wrote poems to her, which, ignoring the subject, she corrected in red ink; he saw her, one summer evening, walking in a green dress in a square. "It has flowered," the gardener might have said, had he opened the door; had he come in, that is to say, any night about this time, and found him writing; found him tearing up his writing; found him finishing a masterpiece at three o'clock in the morning and running out to pace the streets, and visiting churches, and fasting one day, drinking another, devouring Shakespeare, Darwin, The History of Civilisation, and Bernard Shaw.

Something was up, Mr. Brewer knew; Mr. Brewer, managing clerk at Sibleys and Arrowsmiths, auctioneers, valuers, land and estate agents; something was up, he thought, and, being paternal with his young men, and thinking very highly of Smith's abilities, and prophesying that he would, in ten or fifteen years, succeed to the leather arm-chair in the inner room under the skylight with the deed-boxes round him, "if he keeps his health," said Mr. Brewer, and that was the danger--he looked weakly; advised football, invited him to supper and was seeing his way to consider recommending a rise of salary, when something happened which threw out many of Mr. Brewer's calculations, took away his ablest young fellows, and eventually, so prying and insidious were the fingers of the European War, smashed a plaster cast of Ceres, ploughed a hole in the geranium beds, and utterly ruined the cook's nerves at Mr. Brewer's establishment at Muswell Hill.

Septimus was one of the first to volunteer. He went to France to save an England which consisted almost entirely of Shakespeare's plays and Miss Isabel Pole in a green dress walking in a square. There in the trenches the change which Mr. Brewer desired when he advised football was produced instantly; he developed manliness; he was promoted; he drew the attention, indeed the affection of his officer, Evans by name. It was a case of two dogs playing on a hearth-rug; one worrying a paper screw, snarling, snapping, giving a pinch, now and then, at the old dog's ear; the other lying somnolent, blinking at the fire, raising a paw, turning and growling good-temperedly. They had to be together, share with each other, fight with each other, quarrel with each other. But when Evans (Rezia who had only seen him once called him "a quiet man," a sturdy red-haired man, undemonstrative in the company of women), when Evans was killed, just before the Armistice, in Italy, Septimus, far from showing any emotion or recognising that here was the end of a friendship, congratulated himself upon feeling very little and very reasonably. The War had taught him. It was sublime. He had gone through the whole show, friendship, European War, death, had won promotion, was still under thirty and was bound to survive. He was right there. The last shells missed him. He watched them explode with indifference. When peace came he was in Milan, billeted in the house of an innkeeper with a courtyard, flowers in tubs, little tables in the open, daughters making hats, and to Lucrezia, the younger daughter, he became engaged one evening when the panic was on him--that he could not feel.

For now that it was all over, truce signed, and the dead buried, he had, especially in the evening, these sudden thunder-claps of fear. He could not feel. As he opened the door of the room where the Italian girls sat making hats, he could see them; could hear them; they were rubbing wires among coloured beads in saucers; they were turning buckram shapes this way and that; the table was all strewn with feathers, spangles, silks, ribbons; scissors were rapping on the table; but something failed him; he could not feel. Still, scissors rapping, girls laughing, hats being made protected him; he was assured of safety; he had a refuge. But he could not sit there all night. There were moments of waking in the early morning. The bed was falling; he was falling. Oh for the scissors and the lamplight and the buckram shapes! He asked Lucrezia to marry him, the younger of the two, the gay, the frivolous, with those little artist's fingers that she would hold up and say "It is all in them." Silk, feathers, what not were alive to them.

"It is the hat that matters most," she would say, when they walked out together. Every hat that passed, she would examine; and the cloak and the dress and the way the woman held herself. Ill-dressing, over-dressing she stigmatised, not savagely, rather with impatient movements of the hands, like those of a painter who puts from him some obvious well-meant glaring imposture; and then, generously, but always critically, she would welcome a shopgirl who had turned her little bit of stuff gallantly, or praise, wholly, with enthusiastic and professional understanding, a French lady descending from her carriage, in chinchilla, robes, pearls.

"Beautiful!" she would murmur, nudging Septimus, that he might see. But beauty was behind a pane of glass. Even taste (Rezia liked ices, chocolates, sweet things) had no relish to him. He put down his cup on the little marble table. He looked at people outside; happy they seemed, collecting in the middle of the street, shouting, laughing, squabbling over nothing. But he could not taste, he could not feel. In the tea-shop among the tables and the chattering waiters the appalling fear came over him--he could not feel. He could reason; he could read, Dante for example, quite easily ("Septimus, do put down your book," said Rezia, gently shutting the Inferno), he could add up his bill; his brain was perfect; it must be the fault of the world then--that he could not feel.

"The English are so silent," Rezia said. She liked it, she said. She respected these Englishmen, and wanted to see London, and the English horses, and the tailor-made suits, and could remember hearing how wonderful the shops were, from an Aunt who had married and lived in Soho.

It might be possible, Septimus thought, looking at England from the train window, as they left Newhaven; it might be possible that the world itself is without meaning.

At the office they advanced him to a post of considerable responsibility. They were proud of him; he had won crosses. "You have done your duty; it is up to us--" began Mr. Brewer; and could not finish, so pleasurable was his emotion. They took admirable lodgings off the Tottenham Court Road.

Here he opened Shakespeare once more. That boy's business of the intoxication of language--Antony and Cleopatra--had shrivelled utterly. How Shakespeare loathed humanity--the putting on of clothes, the getting of children, the sordidity of the mouth and the belly! This was now revealed to Septimus; the message hidden in the beauty of words. The secret signal which one generation passes, under disguise, to the next is loathing, hatred, despair. Dante the same. Aeschylus (translated) the same. There Rezia sat at the table trimming hats. She trimmed hats for Mrs. Filmer's friends; she trimmed hats by the hour. She looked pale, mysterious, like a lily, drowned, under water, he thought.

"The English are so serious," she would say, putting her arms round Septimus, her cheek against his.

Love between man and woman was repulsive to Shakespeare. The business of copulation was filth to him before the end. But, Rezia said, she must have children. They had been married five years.

They went to the Tower together; to the Victoria and Albert Museum; stood in the crowd to see the King open Parliament. And there were the shops--hat shops, dress shops, shops with leather bags in the window, where she would stand staring. But she must have a boy.

She must have a son like Septimus, she said. But nobody could be like Septimus; so gentle; so serious; so clever. Could she not read Shakespeare too? Was Shakespeare a difficult author? she asked.

One cannot bring children into a world like this. One cannot perpetuate suffering, or increase the breed of these lustful animals, who have no lasting emotions, but only whims and vanities, eddying them now this way, now that.

He watched her snip, shape, as one watches a bird hop, flit in the grass, without daring to move a finger. For the truth is (let her ignore it) that human beings have neither kindness, nor faith, nor charity beyond what serves to increase the pleasure of the moment. They hunt in packs. Their packs scour the desert and vanish screaming into the wilderness. They desert the fallen. They are plastered over with grimaces. There was Brewer at the office, with his waxed moustache, coral tie-pin, white slip, and pleasurable emotions--all coldness and clamminess within,--his geraniums ruined in the War--his cook's nerves destroyed; or Amelia What'shername, handing round cups of tea punctually at five--a leering, sneering obscene little harpy; and the Toms and Berties in their starched shirt fronts oozing thick drops of vice. They never saw him drawing pictures of them naked at their antics in his notebook. In the street, vans roared past him; brutality blared out on placards; men were trapped in mines; women burnt alive; and once a maimed file of lunatics being exercised or displayed for the diversion of the populace (who laughed aloud), ambled and nodded and grinned past him, in the Tottenham Court Road, each half apologetically, yet triumphantly, inflicting his hopeless woe. And would he go mad?

At tea Rezia told him that Mrs. Filmer's daughter was expecting a baby. She could not grow old and have no children! She was very lonely, she was very unhappy! She cried for the first time since they were married. Far away he heard her sobbing; he heard it accurately, he noticed it distinctly; he compared it to a piston thumping. But he felt nothing.

His wife was crying, and he felt nothing; only each time she sobbed in this profound, this silent, this hopeless way, he descended another step into the pit.

At last, with a melodramatic gesture which he assumed mechanically and with complete consciousness of its insincerity, he dropped his head on his hands. Now he had surrendered; now other people must help him. People must be sent for. He gave in.

Nothing could rouse him. Rezia put him to bed. She sent for a doctor--Mrs. Filmer's Dr. Holmes. Dr. Holmes examined him. There was nothing whatever the matter, said Dr. Holmes. Oh, what a relief! What a kind man, what a good man! thought Rezia. When he felt like that he went to the Music Hall, said Dr. Holmes. He took a day off with his wife and played golf. Why not try two tabloids of bromide dissolved in a glass of water at bedtime? These old Bloomsbury houses, said Dr. Holmes, tapping the wall, are often full of very fine panelling, which the landlords have the folly to paper over. Only the other day, visiting a patient, Sir Somebody Something in Bedford Square--

So there was no excuse; nothing whatever the matter, except the sin for which human nature had condemned him to death; that he did not feel. He had not cared when Evans was killed; that was worst; but all the other crimes raised their heads and shook their fingers and jeered and sneered over the rail of the bed in the early hours of the morning at the prostrate body which lay realising its degradation; how he had married his wife without loving her; had lied to her; seduced her; outraged Miss Isabel Pole, and was so pocked and marked with vice that women shuddered when they saw him in the street. The verdict of human nature on such a wretch was death.

Dr. Holmes came again. Large, fresh coloured, handsome, flicking his boots, looking in the glass, he brushed it all aside--headaches, sleeplessness, fears, dreams--nerve symptoms and nothing more, he said. If Dr. Holmes found himself even half a pound below eleven stone six, he asked his wife for another plate of porridge at breakfast. (Rezia would learn to cook porridge.) But, he continued, health is largely a matter in our own control. Throw yourself into outside interests; take up some hobby. He opened Shakespeare--Antony and Cleopatra; pushed Shakespeare aside. Some hobby, said Dr. Holmes, for did he not owe his own excellent health (and he worked as hard as any man in London) to the fact that he could always switch off from his patients on to old furniture? And what a very pretty comb, if he might say so, Mrs. Warren Smith was wearing!

When the damned fool came again, Septimus refused to see him. Did he indeed? said Dr. Holmes, smiling agreeably. Really he had to give that charming little lady, Mrs. Smith, a friendly push before he could get past her into her husband's bedroom.

"So you're in a funk," he said agreeably, sitting down by his patient's side. He had actually talked of killing himself to his wife, quite a girl, a foreigner, wasn't she? Didn't that give her a very odd idea of English husbands? Didn't one owe perhaps a duty to one's wife? Wouldn't it be better to do something instead of lying in bed? For he had had forty years' experience behind him; and Septimus could take Dr. Holmes's word for it--there was nothing whatever the matter with him. And next time Dr. Holmes came he hoped to find Smith out of bed and not making that charming little lady his wife anxious about him.

Human nature, in short, was on him--the repulsive brute, with the blood-red nostrils. Holmes was on him. Dr. Holmes came quite regularly every day. Once you stumble, Septimus wrote on the back of a postcard, human nature is on you. Holmes is on you. Their only chance was to escape, without letting Holmes know; to Italy--anywhere, anywhere, away from Dr. Holmes.

But Rezia could not understand him. Dr. Holmes was such a kind man. He was so interested in Septimus. He only wanted to help them, he said. He had four little children and he had asked her to tea, she told Septimus.

So he was deserted. The whole world was clamouring: Kill yourself, kill yourself, for our sakes. But why should he kill himself for their sakes? Food was pleasant; the sun hot; and this killing oneself, how does one set about it, with a table knife, uglily, with floods of blood,--by sucking a gaspipe? He was too weak; he could scarcely raise his hand. Besides, now that he was quite alone, condemned, deserted, as those who are about to die are alone, there was a luxury in it, an isolation full of sublimity; a freedom which the attached can never know. Holmes had won of course; the brute with the red nostrils had won. But even Holmes himself could not touch this last relic straying on the edge of the world, this outcast, who gazed back at the inhabited regions, who lay, like a drowned sailor, on the shore of the world.

It was at that moment (Rezia gone shopping) that the great revelation took place. A voice spoke from behind the screen. Evans was speaking. The dead were with him.

"Evans, Evans!" he cried.

Mr. Smith was talking aloud to himself, Agnes the servant girl cried to Mrs. Filmer in the kitchen. "Evans, Evans," he had said as she brought in the tray. She jumped, she did. She scuttled downstairs.

And Rezia came in, with her flowers, and walked across the room, and put the roses in a vase, upon which the sun struck directly, and it went laughing, leaping round the room.

She had had to buy the roses, Rezia said, from a poor man in the street. But they were almost dead already, she said, arranging the roses.

So there was a man outside; Evans presumably; and the roses, which Rezia said were half dead, had been picked by him in the fields of Greece. "Communication is health; communication is happiness, communication--" he muttered.

"What are you saying, Septimus?" Rezia asked, wild with terror, for he was talking to himself.

She sent Agnes running for Dr. Holmes. Her husband, she said, was mad. He scarcely knew her.

"You brute! You brute!" cried Septimus, seeing human nature, that is Dr. Holmes, enter the room.

"Now what's all this about?" said Dr. Holmes in the most amiable way in the world. "Talking nonsense to frighten your wife?" But he would give him something to make him sleep. And if they were rich people, said Dr. Holmes, looking ironically round the room, by all means let them go to Harley Street; if they had no confidence in him, said Dr. Holmes, looking not quite so kind.

It was precisely twelve o'clock; twelve by Big Ben; whose stroke was wafted over the northern part of London; blent with that of other clocks, mixed in a thin ethereal way with the clouds and wisps of smoke, and died up there among the seagulls--twelve o'clock struck as Clarissa Dalloway laid her green dress on her bed, and the Warren Smiths walked down Harley Street. Twelve was the hour of their appointment. Probably, Rezia thought, that was Sir William Bradshaw's house with the grey motor car in front of it. The leaden circles dissolved in the air.

Indeed it was--Sir William Bradshaw's motor car; low, powerful, grey with plain initials' interlocked on the panel, as if the pomps of heraldry were incongruous, this man being the ghostly helper, the priest of science; and, as the motor car was grey, so to match its sober suavity, grey furs, silver grey rugs were heaped in it, to keep her ladyship warm while she waited. For often Sir William would travel sixty miles or more down into the country to visit the rich, the afflicted, who could afford the very large fee which Sir William very properly charged for his advice. Her ladyship waited with the rugs about her knees an hour or more, leaning back, thinking sometimes of the patient, sometimes, excusably, of the wall of gold, mounting minute by minute while she waited; the wall of gold that was mounting between them and all shifts and anxieties (she had borne them bravely; they had had their struggles) until she felt wedged on a calm ocean, where only spice winds blow; respected, admired, envied, with scarcely anything left to wish for, though she regretted her stoutness; large dinner-parties every Thursday night to the profession; an occasional bazaar to be opened; Royalty greeted; too little time, alas, with her husband, whose work grew and grew; a boy doing well at Eton; she would have liked a daughter too; interests she had, however, in plenty; child welfare; the after-care of the epileptic, and photography, so that if there was a church building, or a church decaying, she bribed the sexton, got the key and took photographs, which were scarcely to be distinguished from the work of professionals, while she waited.

Sir William himself was no longer young. He had worked very hard; he had won his position by sheer ability (being the son of a shopkeeper); loved his profession; made a fine figurehead at ceremonies and spoke well--all of which had by the time he was knighted given him a heavy look, a weary look (the stream of patients being so incessant, the responsibilities and privileges of his profession so onerous), which weariness, together with his grey hairs, increased the extraordinary distinction of his presence and gave him the reputation (of the utmost importance in dealing with nerve cases) not merely of lightning skill, and almost infallible accuracy in diagnosis but of sympathy; tact; understanding of the human soul. He could see the first moment they came into the room (the Warren Smiths they were called); he was certain directly he saw the man; it was a case of extreme gravity. It was a case of complete breakdown--complete physical and nervous breakdown, with every symptom in an advanced stage, he ascertained in two or three minutes (writing answers to questions, murmured discreetly, on a pink card).

How long had Dr. Holmes been attending him?

Six weeks.

Prescribed a little bromide? Said there was nothing the matter? Ah yes (those general practitioners! thought Sir William. It took half his time to undo their blunders. Some were irreparable).

"You served with great distinction in the War?"

The patient repeated the word "war" interrogatively.

He was attaching meanings to words of a symbolical kind. A serious symptom, to be noted on the card.

"The War?" the patient asked. The European War--that little shindy of schoolboys with gunpowder? Had he served with distinction? He really forgot. In the War itself he had failed.

"Yes, he served with the greatest distinction," Rezia assured the doctor; "he was promoted."

"And they have the very highest opinion of you at your office?" Sir William murmured, glancing at Mr. Brewer's very generously worded letter. "So that you have nothing to worry you, no financial anxiety, nothing?"

He had committed an appalling crime and been condemned to death by human nature.

"I have--I have," he began, "committed a crime--"

"He has done nothing wrong whatever," Rezia assured the doctor. If Mr. Smith would wait, said Sir William, he would speak to Mrs. Smith in the next room. Her husband was very seriously ill, Sir William said. Did he threaten to kill himself?

Oh, he did, she cried. But he did not mean it, she said. Of course not. It was merely a question of rest, said Sir William; of rest, rest, rest; a long rest in bed. There was a delightful home down in the country where her husband would be perfectly looked after. Away from her? she asked. Unfortunately, yes; the people we care for most are not good for us when we are ill. But he was not mad, was he? Sir William said he never spoke of "madness"; he called it not having a sense of proportion. But her husband did not like doctors. He would refuse to go there. Shortly and kindly Sir William explained to her the state of the case. He had threatened to kill himself. There was no alternative. It was a question of law. He would lie in bed in a beautiful house in the country. The nurses were admirable. Sir William would visit him once a week. If Mrs. Warren Smith was quite sure she had no more questions to ask--he never hurried his patients--they would return to her husband. She had nothing more to ask--not of Sir William.

So they returned to the most exalted of mankind; the criminal who faced his judges; the victim exposed on the heights; the fugitive; the drowned sailor; the poet of the immortal ode; the Lord who had gone from life to death; to Septimus Warren Smith, who sat in the arm-chair under the skylight staring at a photograph of Lady Bradshaw in Court dress, muttering messages about beauty.

"We have had our little talk," said Sir William.

"He says you are very, very ill," Rezia cried.

"We have been arranging that you should go into a home," said Sir William.

"One of Holmes's homes?" sneered Septimus.

The fellow made a distasteful impression. For there was in Sir William, whose father had been a tradesman, a natural respect for breeding and clothing, which shabbiness nettled; again, more profoundly, there was in Sir William, who had never had time for reading, a grudge, deeply buried, against cultivated people who came into his room and intimated that doctors, whose profession is a constant strain upon all the highest faculties, are not educated men.

"One of my homes, Mr. Warren Smith," he said, "where we will teach you to rest."

And there was just one thing more.

He was quite certain that when Mr. Warren Smith was well he was the last man in the world to frighten his wife. But he had talked of killing himself.

"We all have our moments of depression," said Sir William.

Once you fall, Septimus repeated to himself, human nature is on you. Holmes and Bradshaw are on you. They scour the desert. They fly screaming into the wilderness. The rack and the thumbscrew are applied. Human nature is remorseless.

"Impulses came upon him sometimes?" Sir William asked, with his pencil on a pink card.

That was his own affair, said Septimus.

"Nobody lives for himself alone," said Sir William, glancing at the photograph of his wife in Court dress.

"And you have a brilliant career before you," said Sir William. There was Mr. Brewer's letter on the table. "An exceptionally brilliant career."

But if he confessed? If he communicated? Would they let him off then, his torturers?

"I--I--" he stammered.

But what was his crime? He could not remember it.

"Yes?" Sir William encouraged him. (But it was growing late.)

Love, trees, there is no crime--what was his message?

He could not remember it.

"I--I--" Septimus stammered.

"Try to think as little about yourself as possible," said Sir William kindly. Really, he was not fit to be about.

Was there anything else they wished to ask him? Sir William would make all arrangements (he murmured to Rezia) and he would let her know between five and six that evening he murmured.

"Trust everything to me," he said, and dismissed them.

Never, never had Rezia felt such agony in her life! She had asked for help and been deserted! He had failed them! Sir William Bradshaw was not a nice man.

The upkeep of that motor car alone must cost him quite a lot, said Septimus, when they got out into the street.

She clung to his arm. They had been deserted.

But what more did she want?

To his patients he gave three-quarters of an hour; and if in this exacting science which has to do with what, after all, we know nothing about--the nervous system, the human brain--a doctor loses his sense of proportion, as a doctor he fails. Health we must have; and health is proportion; so that when a man comes into your room and says he is Christ (a common delusion), and has a message, as they mostly have, and threatens, as they often do, to kill himself, you invoke proportion; order rest in bed; rest in solitude; silence and rest; rest without friends, without books, without messages; six months' rest; until a man who went in weighing seven stone six comes out weighing twelve.

Proportion, divine proportion, Sir William's goddess, was acquired by Sir William walking hospitals, catching salmon, begetting one son in Harley Street by Lady Bradshaw, who caught salmon herself and took photographs scarcely to be distinguished from the work of professionals. Worshipping proportion, Sir William not only prospered himself but made England prosper, secluded her lunatics, forbade childbirth, penalised despair, made it impossible for the unfit to propagate their views until they, too, shared his sense of proportion--his, if they were men, Lady Bradshaw's if they were women (she embroidered, knitted, spent four nights out of seven at home with her son), so that not only did his colleagues respect him, his subordinates fear him, but the friends and relations of his patients felt for him the keenest gratitude for insisting that these prophetic Christs and Christesses, who prophesied the end of the world, or the advent of God, should drink milk in bed, as Sir William ordered; Sir William with his thirty years' experience of these kinds of cases, and his infallible instinct, this is madness, this sense; in fact, his sense of proportion.

But Proportion has a sister, less smiling, more formidable, a Goddess even now engaged--in the heat and sands of India, the mud and swamp of Africa, the purlieus of London, wherever in short the climate or the devil tempts men to fall from the true belief which is her own--is even now engaged in dashing down shrines, smashing idols, and setting up in their place her own stern countenance. Conversion is her name and she feasts on the wills of the weakly, loving to impress, to impose, adoring her own features stamped on the face of the populace. At Hyde Park Corner on a tub she stands preaching; shrouds herself in white and walks penitentially disguised as brotherly love through factories and parliaments; offers help, but desires power; smites out of her way roughly the dissentient, or dissatisfied; bestows her blessing on those who, looking upward, catch submissively from her eyes the light of their own. This lady too (Rezia Warren Smith divined it) had her dwelling in Sir William's heart, though concealed, as she mostly is, under some plausible disguise; some venerable name; love, duty, self sacrifice. How he would work--how toil to raise funds, propagate reforms, initiate institutions! But conversion, fastidious Goddess, loves blood better than brick, and feasts most subtly on the human will. For example, Lady Bradshaw. Fifteen years ago she had gone under. It was nothing you could put your finger on; there had been no scene, no snap; only the slow sinking, water-logged, of her will into his. Sweet was her smile, swift her submission; dinner in Harley Street, numbering eight or nine courses, feeding ten or fifteen guests of the professional classes, was smooth and urbane. Only as the evening wore on a very slight dulness, or uneasiness perhaps, a nervous twitch, fumble, stumble and confusion indicated, what it was really painful to believe--that the poor lady lied. Once, long ago, she had caught salmon freely: now, quick to minister to the craving which lit her husband's eye so oilily for dominion, for power, she cramped, squeezed, pared, pruned, drew back, peeped through; so that without knowing precisely what made the evening disagreeable, and caused this pressure on the top of the head (which might well be imputed to the professional conversation, or the fatigue of a great doctor whose life, Lady Bradshaw said, "is not his own but his patients'") disagreeable it was: so that guests, when the clock struck ten, breathed in the air of Harley Street even with rapture; which relief, however, was denied to his patients.

There in the grey room, with the pictures on the wall, and the valuable furniture, under the ground glass skylight, they learnt the extent of their transgressions; huddled up in arm-chairs, they watched him go through, for their benefit, a curious exercise with the arms, which he shot out, brought sharply back to his hip, to prove (if the patient was obstinate) that Sir William was master of his own actions, which the patient was not. There some weakly broke down; sobbed, submitted; others, inspired by Heaven knows what intemperate madness, called Sir William to his face a damnable humbug; questioned, even more impiously, life itself. Why live? they demanded. Sir William replied that life was good. Certainly Lady Bradshaw in ostrich feathers hung over the mantelpiece, and as for his income it was quite twelve thousand a year. But to us, they protested, life has given no such bounty. He acquiesced. They lacked a sense of proportion. And perhaps, after all, there is no God? He shrugged his shoulders. In short, this living or not living is an affair of our own? But there they were mistaken. Sir William had a friend in Surrey where they taught, what Sir William frankly admitted was a difficult art--a sense of proportion. There were, moreover, family affection; honour; courage; and a brilliant career. All of these had in Sir William a resolute champion. If they failed him, he had to support police and the good of society, which, he remarked very quietly, would take care, down in Surrey, that these unsocial impulses, bred more than anything by the lack of good blood, were held in control. And then stole out from her hiding-place and mounted her throne that Goddess whose lust is to override opposition, to stamp indelibly in the sanctuaries of others the image of herself. Naked, defenceless, the exhausted, the friendless received the impress of Sir William's will. He swooped; he devoured. He shut people up. It was this combination of decision and humanity that endeared Sir William so greatly to the relations of his victims.

But Rezia Warren Smith cried, walking down Harley Street, that she did not like that man.

Shredding and slicing, dividing and subdividing, the clocks of Harley Street nibbled at the June day, counselled submission, upheld authority, and pointed out in chorus the supreme advantages of a sense of proportion, until the mound of time was so far diminished that a commercial clock, suspended above a shop in Oxford Street, announced, genially and fraternally, as if it were a pleasure to Messrs. Rigby and Lowndes to give the information gratis, that it was half-past one.

Looking up, it appeared that each letter of their names stood for one of the hours; subconsciously one was grateful to Rigby and Lowndes for giving one time ratified by Greenwich; and this gratitude (so Hugh Whitbread ruminated, dallying there in front of the shop window), naturally took the form later of buying off Rigby and Lowndes socks or shoes. So he ruminated. It was his habit. He did not go deeply. He brushed surfaces; the dead languages, the living, life in Constantinople, Paris, Rome; riding, shooting, tennis, it had been once. The malicious asserted that he now kept guard at Buckingham Palace, dressed in silk stockings and knee-breeches, over what nobody knew. But he did it extremely efficiently. He had been afloat on the cream of English society for fifty-five years. He had known Prime Ministers. His affections were understood to be deep. And if it were true that he had not taken part in any of the great movements of the time or held important office, one or two humble reforms stood to his credit; an improvement in public shelters was one; the protection of owls in Norfolk another; servant girls had reason to be grateful to him; and his name at the end of letters to the Times, asking for funds, appealing to the public to protect, to preserve, to clear up litter, to abate smoke, and stamp out immorality in parks, commanded respect.

A magnificent figure he cut too, pausing for a moment (as the sound of the half hour died away) to look critically, magisterially, at socks and shoes; impeccable, substantial, as if he beheld the world from a certain eminence, and dressed to match; but realised the obligations which size, wealth, health, entail, and observed punctiliously even when not absolutely necessary, little courtesies, old-fashioned ceremonies which gave a quality to his manner, something to imitate, something to remember him by, for he would never lunch, for example, with Lady Bruton, whom he had known these twenty years, without bringing her in his outstretched hand a bunch of carnations and asking Miss Brush, Lady Bruton's secretary, after her brother in South Africa, which, for some reason, Miss Brush, deficient though she was in every attribute of female charm, so much resented that she said "Thank you, he's doing very well in South Africa," when, for half a dozen years, he had been doing badly in Portsmouth.

Lady Bruton herself preferred Richard Dalloway, who arrived at the next moment. Indeed they met on the doorstep.

Lady Bruton preferred Richard Dalloway of course. He was made of much finer material. But she wouldn't let them run down her poor dear Hugh. She could never forget his kindness--he had been really remarkably kind--she forgot precisely upon what occasion. But he had been--remarkably kind. Anyhow, the difference between one man and another does not amount to much. She had never seen the sense of cutting people up, as Clarissa Dalloway did--cutting them up and sticking them together again; not at any rate when one was sixty-two. She took Hugh's carnations with her angular grim smile. There was nobody else coming, she said. She had got them there on false pretences, to help her out of a difficulty--

"But let us eat first," she said.

And so there began a soundless and exquisite passing to and fro through swing doors of aproned white-capped maids, handmaidens not of necessity, but adepts in a mystery or grand deception practised by hostesses in Mayfair from one-thirty to two, when, with a wave of the hand, the traffic ceases, and there rises instead this profound illusion in the first place about the food--how it is not paid for; and then that the table spreads itself voluntarily with glass and silver, little mats, saucers of red fruit; films of brown cream mask turbot; in casseroles severed chickens swim; coloured, undomestic, the fire burns; and with the wine and the coffee (not paid for) rise jocund visions before musing eyes; gently speculative eyes; eyes to whom life appears musical, mysterious; eyes now kindled to observe genially the beauty of the red carnations which Lady Bruton (whose movements were always angular) had laid beside her plate, so that Hugh Whitbread, feeling at peace with the entire universe and at the same time completely sure of his standing, said, resting his fork,

"Wouldn't they look charming against your lace?"

Miss Brush resented this familiarity intensely. She thought him an underbred fellow. She made Lady Bruton laugh.

Lady Bruton raised the carnations, holding them rather stiffly with much the same attitude with which the General held the scroll in the picture behind her; she remained fixed, tranced. Which was she now, the General's great-grand-daughter? great-great-grand-daughter? Richard Dalloway asked himself. Sir Roderick, Sir Miles, Sir Talbot--that was it. It was remarkable how in that family the likeness persisted in the women. She should have been a general of dragoons herself. And Richard would have served under her, cheerfully; he had the greatest respect for her; he cherished these romantic views about well-set-up old women of pedigree, and would have liked, in his good-humoured way, to bring some young hot-heads of his acquaintance to lunch with her; as if a type like hers could be bred of amiable tea-drinking enthusiasts! He knew her country. He knew her people. There was a vine, still bearing, which either Lovelace or Herrick--she never read a word poetry of herself, but so the story ran--had sat under. Better wait to put before them the question that bothered her (about making an appeal to the public; if so, in what terms and so on), better wait until they have had their coffee, Lady Bruton thought; and so laid the carnations down beside her plate.

"How's Clarissa?" she asked abruptly.

Clarissa always said that Lady Bruton did not like her. Indeed, Lady Bruton had the reputation of being more interested in politics than people; of talking like a man; of having had a finger in some notorious intrigue of the eighties, which was now beginning to be mentioned in memoirs. Certainly there was an alcove in her drawing-room, and a table in that alcove, and a photograph upon that table of General Sir Talbot Moore, now deceased, who had written there (one evening in the eighties) in Lady Bruton's presence, with her cognisance, perhaps advice, a telegram ordering the British troops to advance upon an historical occasion. (She kept the pen and told the story.) Thus, when she said in her offhand way "How's Clarissa?" husbands had difficulty in persuading their wives and indeed, however devoted, were secretly doubtful themselves, of her interest in women who often got in their husbands' way, prevented them from accepting posts abroad, and had to be taken to the seaside in the middle of the session to recover from influenza. Nevertheless her inquiry, "How's Clarissa?" was known by women infallibly, to be a signal from a well-wisher, from an almost silent companion, whose utterances (half a dozen perhaps in the course of a lifetime) signified recognition of some feminine comradeship which went beneath masculine lunch parties and united Lady Bruton and Mrs. Dalloway, who seldom met, and appeared when they did meet indifferent and even hostile, in a singular bond.

"I met Clarissa in the Park this morning," said Hugh Whitbread, diving into the casserole, anxious to pay himself this little tribute, for he had only to come to London and he met everybody at once; but greedy, one of the greediest men she had ever known, Milly Brush thought, who observed men with unflinching rectitude, and was capable of everlasting devotion, to her own sex in particular, being knobbed, scraped, angular, and entirely without feminine charm.

"D'you know who's in town?" said Lady Bruton suddenly bethinking her. "Our old friend, Peter Walsh."

They all smiled. Peter Walsh! And Mr. Dalloway was genuinely glad, Milly Brush thought; and Mr. Whitbread thought only of his chicken.

Peter Walsh! All three, Lady Bruton, Hugh Whitbread, and Richard Dalloway, remembered the same thing--how passionately Peter had been in love; been rejected; gone to India; come a cropper; made a mess of things; and Richard Dalloway had a very great liking for the dear old fellow too. Milly Brush saw that; saw a depth in the brown of his eyes; saw him hesitate; consider; which interested her, as Mr. Dalloway always interested her, for what was he thinking, she wondered, about Peter Walsh?

That Peter Walsh had been in love with Clarissa; that he would go back directly after lunch and find Clarissa; that he would tell her, in so many words, that he loved her. Yes, he would say that.

Milly Brush once might almost have fallen in love with these silences; and Mr. Dalloway was always so dependable; such a gentleman too. Now, being forty, Lady Bruton had only to nod, or turn her head a little abruptly, and Milly Brush took the signal, however deeply she might be sunk in these reflections of a detached spirit, of an uncorrupted soul whom life could not bamboozle, because life had not offered her a trinket of the slightest value; not a curl, smile, lip, cheek, nose; nothing whatever; Lady Bruton had only to nod, and Perkins was instructed to quicken the coffee.

"Yes; Peter Walsh has come back," said Lady Bruton. It was vaguely flattering to them all. He had come back, battered, unsuccessful, to their secure shores. But to help him, they reflected, was impossible; there was some flaw in his character. Hugh Whitbread said one might of course mention his name to So-and-so. He wrinkled lugubriously, consequentially, at the thought of the letters he would write to the heads of Government offices about "my old friend, Peter Walsh," and so on. But it wouldn't lead to anything--not to anything permanent, because of his character.

"In trouble with some woman," said Lady Bruton. They had all guessed that that was at the bottom of it.

"However," said Lady Bruton, anxious to leave the subject, "we shall hear the whole story from Peter himself."

(The coffee was very slow in coming.)

"The address?" murmured Hugh Whitbread; and there was at once a ripple in the grey tide of service which washed round Lady Bruton day in, day out, collecting, intercepting, enveloping her in a fine tissue which broke concussions, mitigated interruptions, and spread round the house in Brook Street a fine net where things lodged and were picked out accurately, instantly, by grey-haired Perkins, who had been with Lady Bruton these thirty years and now wrote down the address; handed it to Mr. Whitbread, who took out his pocket-book, raised his eyebrows, and slipping it in among documents of the highest importance, said that he would get Evelyn to ask him to lunch.

(They were waiting to bring the coffee until Mr. Whitbread had finished.)

Hugh was very slow, Lady Bruton thought. He was getting fat, she noticed. Richard always kept himself in the pink of condition. She was getting impatient; the whole of her being was setting positively, undeniably, domineeringly brushing aside all this unnecessary trifling (Peter Walsh and his affairs) upon that subject which engaged her attention, and not merely her attention, but that fibre which was the ramrod of her soul, that essential part of her without which Millicent Bruton would not have been Millicent Bruton; that project for emigrating young people of both sexes born of respectable parents and setting them up with a fair prospect of doing well in Canada. She exaggerated. She had perhaps lost her sense of proportion. Emigration was not to others the obvious remedy, the sublime conception. It was not to them (not to Hugh, or Richard, or even to devoted Miss Brush) the liberator of the pent egotism, which a strong martial woman, well nourished, well descended, of direct impulses, downright feelings, and little introspective power (broad and simple--why could not every one be broad and simple? she asked) feels rise within her, once youth is past, and must eject upon some object--it may be Emigration, it may be Emancipation; but whatever it be, this object round which the essence of her soul is daily secreted, becomes inevitably prismatic, lustrous, half looking-glass, half precious stone; now carefully hidden in case people should sneer at it; now proudly displayed. Emigration had become, in short, largely Lady Bruton.

But she had to write. And one letter to the Times, she used to say to Miss Brush, cost her more than to organise an expedition to South Africa (which she had done in the war). After a morning's battle beginning, tearing up, beginning again, she used to feel the futility of her own womanhood as she felt it on no other occasion, and would turn gratefully to the thought of Hugh Whitbread who possessed--no one could doubt it--the art of writing letters to the Times.

A being so differently constituted from herself, with such a command of language; able to put things as editors like them put; had passions which one could not call simply greed. Lady Bruton often suspended judgement upon men in deference to the mysterious accord in which they, but no woman, stood to the laws of the universe; knew how to put things; knew what was said; so that if Richard advised her, and Hugh wrote for her, she was sure of being somehow right. So she let Hugh eat his souffl; asked after poor Evelyn; waited until they were smoking, and then said,

"Milly, would you fetch the papers?"

And Miss Brush went out, came back; laid papers on the table; and Hugh produced his fountain pen; his silver fountain pen, which had done twenty years' service, he said, unscrewing the cap. It was still in perfect order; he had shown it to the makers; there was no reason, they said, why it should ever wear out; which was somehow to Hugh's credit, and to the credit of the sentiments which his pen expressed (so Richard Dalloway felt) as Hugh began carefully writing capital letters with rings round them in the margin, and thus marvellously reduced Lady Bruton's tangles to sense, to grammar such as the editor of the Times, Lady Bruton felt, watching the marvellous transformation, must respect. Hugh was slow. Hugh was pertinacious. Richard said one must take risks. Hugh proposed modifications in deference to people's feelings, which, he said rather tartly when Richard laughed, "had to be considered," and read out "how, therefore, we are of opinion that the times are ripe . . . the superfluous youth of our ever-increasing population . . . what we owe to the dead . . ." which Richard thought all stuffing and bunkum, but no harm in it, of course, and Hugh went on drafting sentiments in alphabetical order of the highest nobility, brushing the cigar ash from his waistcoat, and summing up now and then the progress they had made until, finally, he read out the draft of a letter which Lady Bruton felt certain was a masterpiece. Could her own meaning sound like that?

Hugh could not guarantee that the editor would put it in; but he would be meeting somebody at luncheon.

Whereupon Lady Bruton, who seldom did a graceful thing, stuffed all Hugh's carnations into the front of her dress, and flinging her hands out called him "My Prime Minister!" What she would have done without them both she did not know. They rose. And Richard Dalloway strolled off as usual to have a look at the General's portrait, because he meant, whenever he had a moment of leisure, to write a history of Lady Bruton's family.

And Millicent Bruton was very proud of her family. But they could wait, they could wait, she said, looking at the picture; meaning that her family, of military men, administrators, admirals, had been men of action, who had done their duty; and Richard's first duty was to his country, but it was a fine face, she said; and all the papers were ready for Richard down at Aldmixton whenever the time came; the Labour Government she meant. "Ah, the news from India!" she cried.

And then, as they stood in the hall taking yellow gloves from the bowl on the malachite table and Hugh was offering Miss Brush with quite unnecessary courtesy some discarded ticket or other compliment, which she loathed from the depths of her heart and blushed brick red, Richard turned to Lady Bruton, with his hat in his hand, and said,

"We shall see you at our party to-night?" whereupon Lady Bruton resumed the magnificence which letter-writing had shattered. She might come; or she might not come. Clarissa had wonderful energy. Parties terrified Lady Bruton. But then, she was getting old. So she intimated, standing at her doorway; handsome; very erect; while her chow stretched behind her, and Miss Brush disappeared into the background with her hands full of papers.

And Lady Bruton went ponderously, majestically, up to her room, lay, one arm extended, on the sofa. She sighed, she snored, not that she was asleep, only drowsy and heavy, drowsy and heavy, like a field of clover in the sunshine this hot June day, with the bees going round and about and the yellow butterflies. Always she went back to those fields down in Devonshire, where she had jumped the brooks on Patty, her pony, with Mortimer and Tom, her brothers. And there were the dogs; there were the rats; there were her father and mother on the lawn under the trees, with the tea-things out, and the beds of dahlias, the hollyhocks, the pampas grass; and they, little wretches, always up to some mischief! stealing back through the shrubbery, so as not to be seen, all bedraggled from some roguery. What old nurse used to say about her frocks!

Ah dear, she remembered--it was Wednesday in Brook Street. Those kind good fellows, Richard Dalloway, Hugh Whitbread, had gone this hot day through the streets whose growl came up to her lying on the sofa. Power was hers, position, income. She had lived in the forefront of her time. She had had good friends; known the ablest men of her day. Murmuring London flowed up to her, and her hand, lying on the sofa back, curled upon some imaginary baton such as her grandfathers might have held, holding which she seemed, drowsy and heavy, to be commanding battalions marching to Canada, and those good fellows walking across London, that territory of theirs, that little bit of carpet, Mayfair.

And they went further and further from her, being attached to her by a thin thread (since they had lunched with her) which would stretch and stretch, get thinner and thinner as they walked across London; as if one's friends were attached to one's body, after lunching with them, by a thin thread, which (as she dozed there) became hazy with the sound of bells, striking the hour or ringing to service, as a single spider's thread is blotted with rain-drops, and, burdened, sags down. So she slept.

And Richard Dalloway and Hugh Whitbread hesitated at the corner of Conduit Street at the very moment that Millicent Bruton, lying on the sofa, let the thread snap; snored. Contrary winds buffeted at the street corner. They looked in at a shop window; they did not wish to buy or to talk but to part, only with contrary winds buffeting the street corner, with some sort of lapse in the tides of the body, two forces meeting in a swirl, morning and afternoon, they paused. Some newspaper placard went up in the air, gallantly, like a kite at first, then paused, swooped, fluttered; and a lady's veil hung. Yellow awnings trembled. The speed of the morning traffic slackened, and single carts rattled carelessly down half-empty streets. In Norfolk, of which Richard Dalloway was half thinking, a soft warm wind blew back the petals; confused the waters; ruffled the flowering grasses. Haymakers, who had pitched beneath hedges to sleep away the morning toil, parted curtains of green blades; moved trembling globes of cow parsley to see the sky; the blue, the steadfast, the blazing summer sky.

Aware that he was looking at a silver two-handled Jacobean mug, and that Hugh Whitbread admired condescendingly with airs of connoisseurship a Spanish necklace which he thought of asking the price of in case Evelyn might like it--still Richard was torpid; could not think or move. Life had thrown up this wreckage; shop windows full of coloured paste, and one stood stark with the lethargy of the old, stiff with the rigidity of the old, looking in. Evelyn Whitbread might like to buy this Spanish necklace--so she might. Yawn he must. Hugh was going into the shop.

"Right you are!" said Richard, following.

Goodness knows he didn't want to go buying necklaces with Hugh. But there are tides in the body. Morning meets afternoon. Borne like a frail shallop on deep, deep floods, Lady Bruton's great-grandfather and his memoir and his campaigns in North America were whelmed and sunk. And Millicent Bruton too. She went under. Richard didn't care a straw what became of Emigration; about that letter, whether the editor put it in or not. The necklace hung stretched between Hugh's admirable fingers. Let him give it to a girl, if he must buy jewels--any girl, any girl in the street. For the worthlessness of this life did strike Richard pretty forcibly--buying necklaces for Evelyn. If he'd had a boy he'd have said, Work, work. But he had his Elizabeth; he adored his Elizabeth.

"I should like to see Mr. Dubonnet," said Hugh in his curt worldly way. It appeared that this Dubonnet had the measurements of Mrs. Whitbread's neck, or, more strangely still, knew her views upon Spanish jewellery and the extent of her possessions in that line (which Hugh could not remember). All of which seemed to Richard Dalloway awfully odd. For he never gave Clarissa presents, except a bracelet two or three years ago, which had not been a success. She never wore it. It pained him to remember that she never wore it. And as a single spider's thread after wavering here and there attaches itself to the point of a leaf, so Richard's mind, recovering from its lethargy, set now on his wife, Clarissa, whom Peter Walsh had loved so passionately; and Richard had had a sudden vision of her there at luncheon; of himself and Clarissa; of their life together; and he drew the tray of old jewels towards him, and taking up first this brooch then that ring, "How much is that?" he asked, but doubted his own taste. He wanted to open the drawing-room door and come in holding out something; a present for Clarissa. Only what? But Hugh was on his legs again. He was unspeakably pompous. Really, after dealing here for thirty-five years he was not going to be put off by a mere boy who did not know his business. For Dubonnet, it seemed, was out, and Hugh would not buy anything until Mr. Dubonnet chose to be in; at which the youth flushed and bowed his correct little bow. It was all perfectly correct. And yet Richard couldn't have said that to save his life! Why these people stood that damned insolence he could not conceive. Hugh was becoming an intolerable ass. Richard Dalloway could not stand more than an hour of his society. And, flicking his bowler hat by way of farewell, Richard turned at the corner of Conduit Street eager, yes, very eager, to travel that spider's thread of attachment between himself and Clarissa; he would go straight to her, in Westminster.

But he wanted to come in holding something. Flowers? Yes, flowers, since he did not trust his taste in gold; any number of flowers, roses, orchids, to celebrate what was, reckoning things as you will, an event; this feeling about her when they spoke of Peter Walsh at luncheon; and they never spoke of it; not for years had they spoken of it; which, he thought, grasping his red and white roses together (a vast bunch in tissue paper), is the greatest mistake in the world. The time comes when it can't be said; one's too shy to say it, he thought, pocketing his sixpence or two of change, setting off with his great bunch held against his body to Westminster to say straight out in so many words (whatever she might think of him), holding out his flowers, "I love you." Why not? Really it was a miracle thinking of the war, and thousands of poor chaps, with all their lives before them, shovelled together, already half forgotten; it was a miracle. Here he was walking across London to say to Clarissa in so many words that he loved her. Which one never does say, he thought. Partly one's lazy; partly one's shy. And Clarissa--it was difficult to think of her; except in starts, as at luncheon, when he saw her quite distinctly; their whole life. He stopped at the crossing; and repeated--being simple by nature, and undebauched, because he had tramped, and shot; being pertinacious and dogged, having championed the down-trodden and followed his instincts in the House of Commons; being preserved in his simplicity yet at the same time grown rather speechless, rather stiff--he repeated that it was a miracle that he should have married Clarissa; a miracle--his life had been a miracle, he thought; hesitating to cross. But it did make his blood boil to see little creatures of five or six crossing Piccadilly alone. The police ought to have stopped the traffic at once. He had no illusions about the London police. Indeed, he was collecting evidence of their malpractices; and those costermongers, not allowed to stand their barrows in the streets; and prostitutes, good Lord, the fault wasn't in them, nor in young men either, but in our detestable social system and so forth; all of which he considered, could be seen considering, grey, dogged, dapper, clean, as he walked across the Park to tell his wife that he loved her.

For he would say it in so many words, when he came into the room. Because it is a thousand pities never to say what one feels, he thought, crossing the Green Park and observing with pleasure how in the shade of the trees whole families, poor families, were sprawling; children kicking up their legs; sucking milk; paper bags thrown about, which could easily be picked up (if people objected) by one of those fat gentlemen in livery; for he was of opinion that every park, and every square, during the summer months should be open to children (the grass of the park flushed and faded, lighting up the poor mothers of Westminster and their crawling babies, as if a yellow lamp were moved beneath). But what could be done for female vagrants like that poor creature, stretched on her elbow (as if she had flung herself on the earth, rid of all ties, to observe curiously, to speculate boldly, to consider the whys and the wherefores, impudent, loose-lipped, humorous), he did not know. Bearing his flowers like a weapon, Richard Dalloway approached her; intent he passed her; still there was time for a spark between them--she laughed at the sight of him, he smiled good-humouredly, considering the problem of the female vagrant; not that they would ever speak. But he would tell Clarissa that he loved her, in so many words. He had, once upon a time, been jealous of Peter Walsh; jealous of him and Clarissa. But she had often said to him that she had been right not to marry Peter Walsh; which, knowing Clarissa, was obviously true; she wanted support. Not that she was weak; but she wanted support.

As for Buckingham Palace (like an old prima donna facing the audience all in white) you can't deny it a certain dignity, he considered, nor despise what does, after all, stand to millions of people (a little crowd was waiting at the gate to see the King drive out) for a symbol, absurd though it is; a child with a box of bricks could have done better, he thought; looking at the memorial to Queen Victoria (whom he could remember in her horn spectacles driving through Kensington), its white mound, its billowing motherliness; but he liked being ruled by the descendant of Horsa; he liked continuity; and the sense of handing on the traditions of the past. It was a great age in which to have lived. Indeed, his own life was a miracle; let him make no mistake about it; here he was, in the prime of life, walking to his house in Westminster to tell Clarissa that he loved her. Happiness is this he thought.

It is this, he said, as he entered Dean's Yard. Big Ben was beginning to strike, first the warning, musical; then the hour, irrevocable. Lunch parties waste the entire afternoon, he thought, approaching his door.

The sound of Big Ben flooded Clarissa's drawing-room, where she sat, ever so annoyed, at her writing-table; worried; annoyed. It was perfectly true that she had not asked Ellie Henderson to her party; but she had done it on purpose. Now Mrs. Marsham wrote "she had told Ellie Henderson she would ask Clarissa--Ellie so much wanted to come."

But why should she invite all the dull women in London to her parties? Why should Mrs. Marsham interfere? And there was Elizabeth closeted all this time with Doris Kilman. Anything more nauseating she could not conceive. Prayer at this hour with that woman. And the sound of the bell flooded the room with its melancholy wave; which receded, and gathered itself together to fall once more, when she heard, distractingly, something fumbling, something scratching at the door. Who at this hour? Three, good Heavens! Three already! For with overpowering directness and dignity the clock struck three; and she heard nothing else; but the door handle slipped round and in came Richard! What a surprise! In came Richard, holding out flowers. She had failed him, once at Constantinople; and Lady Bruton, whose lunch parties were said to be extraordinarily amusing, had not asked her. He was holding out flowers--roses, red and white roses. (But he could not bring himself to say he loved her; not in so many words.)

But how lovely, she said, taking his flowers. She understood; she understood without his speaking; his Clarissa. She put them in vases on the mantelpiece. How lovely they looked! she said. And was it amusing, she asked? Had Lady Bruton asked after her? Peter Walsh was back. Mrs. Marsham had written. Must she ask Ellie Henderson? That woman Kilman was upstairs.

"But let us sit down for five minutes," said Richard.

It all looked so empty. All the chairs were against the wall. What had they been doing? Oh, it was for the party; no, he had not forgotten, the party. Peter Walsh was back. Oh yes; she had had him. And he was going to get a divorce; and he was in love with some woman out there. And he hadn't changed in the slightest. There she was, mending her dress. . . .

"Thinking of Bourton," she said.

"Hugh was at lunch," said Richard. She had met him too! Well, he was getting absolutely intolerable. Buying Evelyn necklaces; fatter than ever; an intolerable ass.

"And it came over me 'I might have married you,'" she said, thinking of Peter sitting there in his little bow-tie; with that knife, opening it, shutting it. "Just as he always was, you know."

They were talking about him at lunch, said Richard. (But he could not tell her he loved her. He held her hand. Happiness is this, he thought.) They had been writing a letter to the Times for Millicent Bruton. That was about all Hugh was fit for.

"And our dear Miss Kilman?" he asked. Clarissa thought the roses absolutely lovely; first bunched together; now of their own accord starting apart.

"Kilman arrives just as we've done lunch," she said. "Elizabeth turns pink. They shut themselves up. I suppose they're praying."

Lord! He didn't like it; but these things pass over if you let them.

"In a mackintosh with an umbrella," said Clarissa.

He had not said "I love you"; but he held her hand. Happiness is this, is this, he thought.

"But why should I ask all the dull women in London to my parties?" said Clarissa. And if Mrs. Marsham gave a party, did she invite her guests?

"Poor Ellie Henderson," said Richard--it was a very odd thing how much Clarissa minded about her parties, he thought.

But Richard had no notion of the look of a room. However--what was he going to say?

If she worried about these parties he would not let her give them. Did she wish she had married Peter? But he must go.

He must be off, he said, getting up. But he stood for a moment as if he were about to say something; and she wondered what? Why? There were the roses.

"Some Committee?" she asked, as he opened the door.

"Armenians," he said; or perhaps it was "Albanians."

And there is a dignity in people; a solitude; even between husband and wife a gulf; and that one must respect, thought Clarissa, watching him open the door; for one would not part with it oneself, or take it, against his will, from one's husband, without losing one's independence, one's self-respect--something, after all, priceless.

He returned with a pillow and a quilt.

"An hour's complete rest after luncheon," he said. And he went.

How like him! He would go on saying "An hour's complete rest after luncheon" to the end of time, because a doctor had ordered it once. It was like him to take what doctors said literally; part of his adorable, divine simplicity, which no one had to the same extent; which made him go and do the thing while she and Peter frittered their time away bickering. He was already halfway to the House of Commons, to his Armenians, his Albanians, having settled her on the sofa, looking at his roses. And people would say, "Clarissa Dalloway is spoilt." She cared much more for her roses than for the Armenians. Hunted out of existence, maimed, frozen, the victims of cruelty and injustice (she had heard Richard say so over and over again)--no, she could feel nothing for the Albanians, or was it the Armenians? but she loved her roses (didn't that help the Armenians?)--the only flowers she could bear to see cut. But Richard was already at the House of Commons; at his Committee, having settled all her difficulties. But no; alas, that was not true. He did not see the reasons against asking Ellie Henderson. She would do it, of course, as he wished it. Since he had brought the pillows, she would lie down. . . . But--but--why did she suddenly feel, for no reason that she could discover, desperately unhappy? As a person who has dropped some grain of pearl or diamond into the grass and parts the tall blades very carefully, this way and that, and searches here and there vainly, and at last spies it there at the roots, so she went through one thing and another; no, it was not Sally Seton saying that Richard would never be in the Cabinet because he had a second-class brain (it came back to her); no, she did not mind that; nor was it to do with Elizabeth either and Doris Kilman; those were facts. It was a feeling, some unpleasant feeling, earlier in the day perhaps; something that Peter had said, combined with some depression of her own, in her bedroom, taking off her hat; and what Richard had said had added to it, but what had he said? There were his roses. Her parties! That was it! Her parties! Both of them criticised her very unfairly, laughed at her very unjustly, for her parties. That was it! That was it!

Well, how was she going to defend herself? Now that she knew what it was, she felt perfectly happy. They thought, or Peter at any rate thought, that she enjoyed imposing herself; liked to have famous people about her; great names; was simply a snob in short. Well, Peter might think so. Richard merely thought it foolish of her to like excitement when she knew it was bad for her heart. It was childish, he thought. And both were quite wrong. What she liked was simply life.

"That's what I do it for," she said, speaking aloud, to life.

Since she was lying on the sofa, cloistered, exempt, the presence of this thing which she felt to be so obvious became physically existent; with robes of sound from the street, sunny, with hot breath, whispering, blowing out the blinds. But suppose Peter said to her, "Yes, yes, but your parties--what's the sense of your parties?" all she could say was (and nobody could be expected to understand): They're an offering; which sounded horribly vague. But who was Peter to make out that life was all plain sailing?--Peter always in love, always in love with the wrong woman? What's your love? she might say to him. And she knew his answer; how it is the most important thing in the world and no woman possibly understood it. Very well. But could any man understand what she meant either? about life? She could not imagine Peter or Richard taking the trouble to give a party for no reason whatever.

But to go deeper, beneath what people said (and these judgements, how superficial, how fragmentary they are!) in her own mind now, what did it mean to her, this thing she called life? Oh, it was very queer. Here was So-and-so in South Kensington; some one up in Bayswater; and somebody else, say, in Mayfair. And she felt quite continuously a sense of their existence; and she felt what a waste; and she felt what a pity; and she felt if only they could be brought together; so she did it. And it was an offering; to combine, to create; but to whom?

An offering for the sake of offering, perhaps. Anyhow, it was her gift. Nothing else had she of the slightest importance; could not think, write, even play the piano. She muddled Armenians and Turks; loved success; hated discomfort; must be liked; talked oceans of nonsense: and to this day, ask her what the Equator was, and she did not know. All the same, that one day should follow another; Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday; that one should wake up in the morning; see the sky; walk in the park; meet Hugh Whitbread; then suddenly in came Peter; then these roses; it was enough. After that, how unbelievable death was!--that it must end; and no one in the whole world would know how she had loved it all; how, every instant . . .

The door opened. Elizabeth knew that her mother was resting. She came in very quietly. She stood perfectly still. Was it that some Mongol had been wrecked on the coast of Norfolk (as Mrs. Hilbery said), had mixed with the Dalloway ladies, perhaps, a hundred years ago? For the Dalloways, in general, were fair-haired; blue-eyed; Elizabeth, on the contrary, was dark; had Chinese eyes in a pale face; an Oriental mystery; was gentle, considerate, still. As a child, she had had a perfect sense of humour; but now at seventeen, why, Clarissa could not in the least understand, she had become very serious; like a hyacinth, sheathed in glossy green, with buds just tinted, a hyacinth which has had no sun.

She stood quite still and looked at her mother; but the door was ajar, and outside the door was Miss Kilman, as Clarissa knew; Miss Kilman in her mackintosh, listening to whatever they said.

Yes, Miss Kilman stood on the landing, and wore a mackintosh; but had her reasons. First, it was cheap; second, she was over forty; and did not, after all, dress to please. She was poor, moreover; degradingly poor. Otherwise she would not be taking jobs from people like the Dalloways; from rich people, who liked to be kind. Mr. Dalloway, to do him justice, had been kind. But Mrs. Dalloway had not. She had been merely condescending. She came from the most worthless of all classes--the rich, with a smattering of culture. They had expensive things everywhere; pictures, carpets, lots of servants. She considered that she had a perfect right to anything that the Dalloways did for her.

She had been cheated. Yes, the word was no exaggeration, for surely a girl has a right to some kind of happiness? And she had never been happy, what with being so clumsy and so poor. And then, just as she might have had a chance at Miss Dolby's school, the war came; and she had never been able to tell lies. Miss Dolby thought she would be happier with people who shared her views about the Germans. She had had to go. It was true that the family was of German origin; spelt the name Kiehlman in the eighteenth century; but her brother had been killed. They turned her out because she would not pretend that the Germans were all villains--when she had German friends, when the only happy days of her life had been spent in Germany! And after all, she could read history. She had had to take whatever she could get. Mr. Dalloway had come across her working for the Friends. He had allowed her (and that was really generous of him) to teach his daughter history. Also she did a little Extension lecturing and so on. Then Our Lord had come to her (and here she always bowed her head). She had seen the light two years and three months ago. Now she did not envy women like Clarissa Dalloway; she pitied them.

She pitied and despised them from the bottom of her heart, as she stood on the soft carpet, looking at the old engraving of a little girl with a muff. With all this luxury going on, what hope was there for a better state of things? Instead of lying on a sofa--"My mother is resting," Elizabeth had said--she should have been in a factory; behind a counter; Mrs. Dalloway and all the other fine ladies!

Bitter and burning, Miss Kilman had turned into a church two years three months ago. She had heard the Rev. Edward Whittaker preach; the boys sing; had seen the solemn lights descend, and whether it was the music, or the voices (she herself when alone in the evening found comfort in a violin; but the sound was excruciating; she had no ear), the hot and turbulent feelings which boiled and surged in her had been assuaged as she sat there, and she had wept copiously, and gone to call on Mr. Whittaker at his private house in Kensington. It was the hand of God, he said. The Lord had shown her the way. So now, whenever the hot and painful feelings boiled within her, this hatred of Mrs. Dalloway, this grudge against the world, she thought of God. She thought of Mr. Whittaker. Rage was succeeded by calm. A sweet savour filled her veins, her lips parted, and, standing formidable upon the landing in her mackintosh, she looked with steady and sinister serenity at Mrs. Dalloway, who came out with her daughter.

Elizabeth said she had forgotten her gloves. That was because Miss Kilman and her mother hated each other. She could not bear to see them together. She ran upstairs to find her gloves.

But Miss Kilman did not hate Mrs. Dalloway. Turning her large gooseberry-coloured eyes upon Clarissa, observing her small pink face, her delicate body, her air of freshness and fashion, Miss Kilman felt, Fool! Simpleton! You who have known neither sorrow nor pleasure; who have trifled your life away! And there rose in her an overmastering desire to overcome her; to unmask her. If she could have felled her it would have eased her. But it was not the body; it was the soul and its mockery that she wished to subdue; make feel her mastery. If only she could make her weep; could ruin her; humiliate her; bring her to her knees crying, You are right! But this was God's will, not Miss Kilman's. It was to be a religious victory. So she glared; so she glowered.

Clarissa was really shocked. This a Christian--this woman! This woman had taken her daughter from her! She in touch with invisible presences! Heavy, ugly, commonplace, without kindness or grace, she know the meaning of life!

"You are taking Elizabeth to the Stores?" Mrs. Dalloway said.

Miss Kilman said she was. They stood there. Miss Kilman was not going to make herself agreeable. She had always earned her living. Her knowledge of modern history was thorough in the extreme. She did out of her meagre income set aside so much for causes she believed in; whereas this woman did nothing, believed nothing; brought up her daughter--but here was Elizabeth, rather out of breath, the beautiful girl.

So they were going to the Stores. Odd it was, as Miss Kilman stood there (and stand she did, with the power and taciturnity of some prehistoric monster armoured for primeval warfare), how, second by second, the idea of her diminished, how hatred (which was for ideas, not people) crumbled, how she lost her malignity, her size, became second by second merely Miss Kilman, in a mackintosh, whom Heaven knows Clarissa would have liked to help.

At this dwindling of the monster, Clarissa laughed. Saying good-bye, she laughed.

Off they went together, Miss Kilman and Elizabeth, downstairs.

With a sudden impulse, with a violent anguish, for this woman was taking her daughter from her, Clarissa leant over the bannisters and cried out, "Remember the party! Remember our party tonight!"

But Elizabeth had already opened the front door; there was a van passing; she did not answer.

Love and religion! thought Clarissa, going back into the drawing-room, tingling all over. How detestable, how detestable they are! For now that the body of Miss Kilman was not before her, it overwhelmed her--the idea. The cruelest things in the world, she thought, seeing them clumsy, hot, domineering, hypocritical, eavesdropping, jealous, infinitely cruel and unscrupulous, dressed in a mackintosh coat, on the landing; love and religion. Had she ever tried to convert any one herself? Did she not wish everybody merely to be themselves? And she watched out of the window the old lady opposite climbing upstairs. Let her climb upstairs if she wanted to; let her stop; then let her, as Clarissa had often seen her, gain her bedroom, part her curtains, and disappear again into the background. Somehow one respected that--that old woman looking out of the window, quite unconscious that she was being watched. There was something solemn in it--but love and religion would destroy that, whatever it was, the privacy of the soul. The odious Kilman would destroy it. Yet it was a sight that made her want to cry.

Love destroyed too. Everything that was fine, everything that was true went. Take Peter Walsh now. There was a man, charming, clever, with ideas about everything. If you wanted to know about Pope, say, or Addison, or just to talk nonsense, what people were like, what things meant, Peter knew better than any one. It was Peter who had helped her; Peter who had lent her books. But look at the women he loved--vulgar, trivial, commonplace. Think of Peter in love--he came to see her after all these years, and what did he talk about? Himself. Horrible passion! she thought. Degrading passion! she thought, thinking of Kilman and her Elizabeth walking to the Army and Navy Stores.

Big Ben struck the half-hour.

How extraordinary it was, strange, yes, touching, to see the old lady (they had been neighbours ever so many years) move away from the window, as if she were attached to that sound, that string. Gigantic as it was, it had something to do with her. Down, down, into the midst of ordinary things the finger fell making the moment solemn. She was forced, so Clarissa imagined, by that sound, to move, to go--but where? Clarissa tried to follow her as she turned and disappeared, and could still just see her white cap moving at the back of the bedroom. She was still there moving about at the other end of the room. Why creeds and prayers and mackintoshes? when, thought Clarissa, that's the miracle, that's the mystery; that old lady, she meant, whom she could see going from chest of drawers to dressing-table. She could still see her. And the supreme mystery which Kilman might say she had solved, or Peter might say he had solved, but Clarissa didn't believe either of them had the ghost of an idea of solving, was simply this: here was one room; there another. Did religion solve that, or love?

Love--but here the other clock, the clock which always struck two minutes after Big Ben, came shuffling in with its lap full of odds and ends, which it dumped down as if Big Ben were all very well with his majesty laying down the law, so solemn, so just, but she must remember all sorts of little things besides--Mrs. Marsham, Ellie Henderson, glasses for ices--all sorts of little things came flooding and lapping and dancing in on the wake of that solemn stroke which lay flat like a bar of gold on the sea. Mrs. Marsham, Ellie Henderson, glasses for ices. She must telephone now at once.

Volubly, troublously, the late clock sounded, coming in on the wake of Big Ben, with its lap full of trifles. Beaten up, broken up by the assault of carriages, the brutality of vans, the eager advance of myriads of angular men, of flaunting women, the domes and spires of offices and hospitals, the last relics of this lap full of odds and ends seemed to break, like the spray of an exhausted wave, upon the body of Miss Kilman standing still in the street for a moment to mutter "It is the flesh."

It was the flesh that she must control. Clarissa Dalloway had insulted her. That she expected. But she had not triumphed; she had not mastered the flesh. Ugly, clumsy, Clarissa Dalloway had laughed at her for being that; and had revived the fleshly desires, for she minded looking as she did beside Clarissa. Nor could she talk as she did. But why wish to resemble her? Why? She despised Mrs. Dalloway from the bottom of her heart. She was not serious. She was not good. Her life was a tissue of vanity and deceit. Yet Doris Kilman had been overcome. She had, as a matter of fact, very nearly burst into tears when Clarissa Dalloway laughed at her. "It is the flesh, it is the flesh," she muttered (it being her habit to talk aloud) trying to subdue this turbulent and painful feeling as she walked down Victoria Street. She prayed to God. She could not help being ugly; she could not afford to buy pretty clothes. Clarissa Dalloway had laughed--but she would concentrate her mind upon something else until she had reached the pillar-box. At any rate she had got Elizabeth. But she would think of something else; she would think of Russia; until she reached the pillar-box.

How nice it must be, she said, in the country, struggling, as Mr. Whittaker had told her, with that violent grudge against the world which had scorned her, sneered at her, cast her off, beginning with this indignity--the infliction of her unlovable body which people could not bear to see. Do her hair as she might, her forehead remained like an egg, bald, white. No clothes suited her. She might buy anything. And for a woman, of course, that meant never meeting the opposite sex. Never would she come first with any one. Sometimes lately it had seemed to her that, except for Elizabeth, her food was all that she lived for; her comforts; her dinner, her tea; her hot-water bottle at night. But one must fight; vanquish; have faith in God. Mr. Whittaker had said she was there for a purpose. But no one knew the agony! He said, pointing to the crucifix, that God knew. But why should she have to suffer when other women, like Clarissa Dalloway, escaped? Knowledge comes through suffering, said Mr. Whittaker.

She had passed the pillar-box, and Elizabeth had turned into the cool brown tobacco department of the Army and Navy Stores while she was still muttering to herself what Mr. Whittaker had said about knowledge coming through suffering and the flesh. "The flesh," she muttered.

What department did she want? Elizabeth interrupted her.

"Petticoats," she said abruptly, and stalked straight on to the lift.

Up they went. Elizabeth guided her this way and that; guided her in her abstraction as if she had been a great child, an unwieldy battleship. There were the petticoats, brown, decorous, striped, frivolous, solid, flimsy; and she chose, in her abstraction, portentously, and the girl serving thought her mad.

Elizabeth rather wondered, as they did up the parcel, what Miss Kilman was thinking. They must have their tea, said Miss Kilman, rousing, collecting herself. They had their tea.

Elizabeth rather wondered whether Miss Kilman could be hungry. It was her way of eating, eating with intensity, then looking, again and again, at a plate of sugared cakes on the table next them; then, when a lady and a child sat down and the child took the cake, could Miss Kilman really mind it? Yes, Miss Kilman did mind it. She had wanted that cake--the pink one. The pleasure of eating was almost the only pure pleasure left her, and then to be baffled even in that!

When people are happy, they have a reserve, she had told Elizabeth, upon which to draw, whereas she was like a wheel without a tyre (she was fond of such metaphors), jolted by every pebble, so she would say staying on after the lesson standing by the fire-place with her bag of books, her "satchel," she called it, on a Tuesday morning, after the lesson was over. And she talked too about the war. After all, there were people who did not think the English invariably right. There were books. There were meetings. There were other points of view. Would Elizabeth like to come with her to listen to So-and-so (a most extraordinary looking old man)? Then Miss Kilman took her to some church in Kensington and they had tea with a clergyman. She had lent her books. Law, medicine, politics, all professions are open to women of your generation, said Miss Kilman. But for herself, her career was absolutely ruined and was it her fault? Good gracious, said Elizabeth, no.

And her mother would come calling to say that a hamper had come from Bourton and would Miss Kilman like some flowers? To Miss Kilman she was always very, very nice, but Miss Kilman squashed the flowers all in a bunch, and hadn't any small talk, and what interested Miss Kilman bored her mother, and Miss Kilman and she were terrible together; and Miss Kilman swelled and looked very plain. But then Miss Kilman was frightfully clever. Elizabeth had never thought about the poor. They lived with everything they wanted,--her mother had breakfast in bed every day; Lucy carried it up; and she liked old women because they were Duchesses, and being descended from some Lord. But Miss Kilman said (one of those Tuesday mornings when the lesson was over), "My grandfather kept an oil and colour shop in Kensington." Miss Kilman made one feel so small.

Miss Kilman took another cup of tea. Elizabeth, with her oriental bearing, her inscrutable mystery, sat perfectly upright; no, she did not want anything more. She looked for her gloves--her white gloves. They were under the table. Ah, but she must not go! Miss Kilman could not let her go! this youth, that was so beautiful, this girl, whom she genuinely loved! Her large hand opened and shut on the table.

But perhaps it was a little flat somehow, Elizabeth felt. And really she would like to go.

But said Miss Kilman, "I've not quite finished yet."

Of course, then, Elizabeth would wait. But it was rather stuffy in here.

"Are you going to the party to-night?" Miss Kilman said. Elizabeth supposed she was going; her mother wanted her to go. She must not let parties absorb her, Miss Kilman said, fingering the last two inches of a chocolate clair.

She did not much like parties, Elizabeth said. Miss Kilman opened her mouth, slightly projected her chin, and swallowed down the last inches of the chocolate clair, then wiped her fingers, and washed the tea round in her cup.

She was about to split asunder, she felt. The agony was so terrific. If she could grasp her, if she could clasp her, if she could make her hers absolutely and forever and then die; that was all she wanted. But to sit here, unable to think of anything to say; to see Elizabeth turning against her; to be felt repulsive even by her--it was too much; she could not stand it. The thick fingers curled inwards.

"I never go to parties," said Miss Kilman, just to keep Elizabeth from going. "People don't ask me to parties"--and she knew as she said it that it was this egotism that was her undoing; Mr. Whittaker had warned her; but she could not help it. She had suffered so horribly. "Why should they ask me?" she said. "I'm plain, I'm unhappy." She knew it was idiotic. But it was all those people passing--people with parcels who despised her, who made her say it. However, she was Doris Kilman. She had her degree. She was a woman who had made her way in the world. Her knowledge of modern history was more than respectable.

"I don't pity myself," she said. "I pity"--she meant to say "your mother" but no, she could not, not to Elizabeth. "I pity other people," she said, "more."

Like some dumb creature who has been brought up to a gate for an unknown purpose, and stands there longing to gallop away, Elizabeth Dalloway sat silent. Was Miss Kilman going to say anything more?

"Don't quite forget me," said Doris Kilman; her voice quivered. Right away to the end of the field the dumb creature galloped in terror.

The great hand opened and shut.

Elizabeth turned her head. The waitress came. One had to pay at the desk, Elizabeth said, and went off, drawing out, so Miss Kilman felt, the very entrails in her body, stretching them as she crossed the room, and then, with a final twist, bowing her head very politely, she went.

She had gone. Miss Kilman sat at the marble table among the clairs, stricken once, twice, thrice by shocks of suffering. She had gone. Mrs. Dalloway had triumphed. Elizabeth had gone. Beauty had gone, youth had gone.

So she sat. She got up, blundered off among the little tables, rocking slightly from side to side, and somebody came after her with her petticoat, and she lost her way, and was hemmed in by trunks specially prepared for taking to India; next got among the accouchement sets, and baby linen; through all the commodities of the world, perishable and permanent, hams, drugs, flowers, stationery, variously smelling, now sweet, now sour she lurched; saw herself thus lurching with her hat askew, very red in the face, full length in a looking-glass; and at last came out into the street.

The tower of Westminster Cathedral rose in front of her, the habitation of God. In the midst of the traffic, there was the habitation of God. Doggedly she set off with her parcel to that other sanctuary, the Abbey, where, raising her hands in a tent before her face, she sat beside those driven into shelter too; the variously assorted worshippers, now divested of social rank, almost of sex, as they raised their hands before their faces; but once they removed them, instantly reverent, middle class, English men and women, some of them desirous of seeing the wax works.

But Miss Kilman held her tent before her face. Now she was deserted; now rejoined. New worshippers came in from the street to replace the strollers, and still, as people gazed round and shuffled past the tomb of the Unknown Warrior, still she barred her eyes with her fingers and tried in this double darkness, for the light in the Abbey was bodiless, to aspire above the vanities, the desires, the commodities, to rid herself both of hatred and of love. Her hands twitched. She seemed to struggle. Yet to others God was accessible and the path to Him smooth. Mr. Fletcher, retired, of the Treasury, Mrs. Gorham, widow of the famous K.C., approached Him simply, and having done their praying, leant back, enjoyed the music (the organ pealed sweetly), and saw Miss Kilman at the end of the row, praying, praying, and, being still on the threshold of their underworld, thought of her sympathetically as a soul haunting the same territory; a soul cut out of immaterial substance; not a woman, a soul.

But Mr. Fletcher had to go. He had to pass her, and being himself neat as a new pin, could not help being a little distressed by the poor lady's disorder; her hair down; her parcel on the floor. She did not at once let him pass. But, as he stood gazing about him, at the white marbles, grey window panes, and accumulated treasures (for he was extremely proud of the Abbey), her largeness, robustness, and power as she sat there shifting her knees from time to time (it was so rough the approach to her God--so tough her desires) impressed him, as they had impressed Mrs. Dalloway (she could not get the thought of her out of her mind that afternoon), the Rev. Edward Whittaker, and Elizabeth too.

And Elizabeth waited in Victoria Street for an omnibus. It was so nice to be out of doors. She thought perhaps she need not go home just yet. It was so nice to be out in the air. So she would get on to an omnibus. And already, even as she stood there, in her very well cut clothes, it was beginning. . . . People were beginning to compare her to poplar trees, early dawn, hyacinths, fawns, running water, and garden lilies; and it made her life a burden to her, for she so much preferred being left alone to do what she liked in the country, but they would compare her to lilies, and she had to go to parties, and London was so dreary compared with being alone in the country with her father and the dogs.

Buses swooped, settled, were off--garish caravans, glistening with red and yellow varnish. But which should she get on to? She had no preferences. Of course, she would not push her way. She inclined to be passive. It was expression she needed, but her eyes were fine, Chinese, oriental, and, as her mother said, with such nice shoulders and holding herself so straight, she was always charming to look at; and lately, in the evening especially, when she was interested, for she never seemed excited, she looked almost beautiful, very stately, very serene. What could she be thinking? Every man fell in love with her, and she was really awfully bored. For it was beginning. Her mother could see that--the compliments were beginning. That she did not care more about it--for instance for her clothes--sometimes worried Clarissa, but perhaps it was as well with all those puppies and guinea pigs about having distemper, and it gave her a charm. And now there was this odd friendship with Miss Kilman. Well, thought Clarissa about three o'clock in the morning, reading Baron Marbot for she could not sleep, it proves she has a heart.

Suddenly Elizabeth stepped forward and most competently boarded the omnibus, in front of everybody. She took a seat on top. The impetuous creature--a pirate--started forward, sprang away; she had to hold the rail to steady herself, for a pirate it was, reckless, unscrupulous, bearing down ruthlessly, circumventing dangerously, boldly snatching a passenger, or ignoring a passenger, squeezing eel-like and arrogant in between, and then rushing insolently all sails spread up Whitehall. And did Elizabeth give one thought to poor Miss Kilman who loved her without jealousy, to whom she had been a fawn in the open, a moon in a glade? She was delighted to be free. The fresh air was so delicious. It had been so stuffy in the Army and Navy Stores. And now it was like riding, to be rushing up Whitehall; and to each movement of the omnibus the beautiful body in the fawn-coloured coat responded freely like a rider, like the figure-head of a ship, for the breeze slightly disarrayed her; the heat gave her cheeks the pallor of white painted wood; and her fine eyes, having no eyes to meet, gazed ahead, blank, bright, with the staring incredible innocence of sculpture.

It was always talking about her own sufferings that made Miss Kilman so difficult. And was she right? If it was being on committees and giving up hours and hours every day (she hardly ever saw him in London) that helped the poor, her father did that, goodness knows,--if that was what Miss Kilman meant about being a Christian; but it was so difficult to say. Oh, she would like to go a little further. Another penny was it to the Strand? Here was another penny then. She would go up the Strand.

She liked people who were ill. And every profession is open to the women of your generation, said Miss Kilman. So she might be a doctor. She might be a farmer. Animals are often ill. She might own a thousand acres and have people under her. She would go and see them in their cottages. This was Somerset House. One might be a very good farmer--and that, strangely enough though Miss Kilman had her share in it, was almost entirely due to Somerset House. It looked so splendid, so serious, that great grey building. And she liked the feeling of people working. She liked those churches, like shapes of grey paper, breasting the stream of the Strand. It was quite different here from Westminster, she thought, getting off at Chancery Lane. It was so serious; it was so busy. In short, she would like to have a profession. She would become a doctor, a farmer, possibly go into Parliament, if she found it necessary, all because of the Strand.

The feet of those people busy about their activities, hands putting stone to stone, minds eternally occupied not with trivial chatterings (comparing women to poplars--which was rather exciting, of course, but very silly), but with thoughts of ships, of business, of law, of administration, and with it all so stately (she was in the Temple), gay (there was the river), pious (there was the Church), made her quite determined, whatever her mother might say, to become either a farmer or a doctor. But she was, of course, rather lazy.

And it was much better to say nothing about it. It seemed so silly. It was the sort of thing that did sometimes happen, when one was alone--buildings without architects' names, crowds of people coming back from the city having more power than single clergymen in Kensington, than any of the books Miss Kilman had lent her, to stimulate what lay slumbrous, clumsy, and shy on the mind's sandy floor to break surface, as a child suddenly stretches its arms; it was just that, perhaps, a sigh, a stretch of the arms, an impulse, a revelation, which has its effects for ever, and then down again it went to the sandy floor. She must go home. She must dress for dinner. But what was the time?--where was a clock?

She looked up Fleet Street. She walked just a little way towards St. Paul's, shyly, like some one penetrating on tiptoe, exploring a strange house by night with a candle, on edge lest the owner should suddenly fling wide his bedroom door and ask her business, nor did she dare wander off into queer alleys, tempting bye-streets, any more than in a strange house open doors which might be bedroom doors, or sitting-room doors, or lead straight to the larder. For no Dalloways came down the Strand daily; she was a pioneer, a stray, venturing, trusting.

In many ways, her mother felt, she was extremely immature, like a child still, attached to dolls, to old slippers; a perfect baby; and that was charming. But then, of course, there was in the Dalloway family the tradition of public service. Abbesses, principals, head mistresses, dignitaries, in the republic of women--without being brilliant, any of them, they were that. She penetrated a little further in the direction of St. Paul's. She liked the geniality, sisterhood, motherhood, brotherhood of this uproar. It seemed to her good. The noise was tremendous; and suddenly there were trumpets (the unemployed) blaring, rattling about in the uproar; military music; as if people were marching; yet had they been dying--had some woman breathed her last and whoever was watching, opening the window of the room where she had just brought off that act of supreme dignity, looked down on Fleet Street, that uproar, that military music would have come triumphing up to him, consolatory, indifferent.

It was not conscious. There was no recognition in it of one fortune, or fate, and for that very reason even to those dazed with watching for the last shivers of consciousness on the faces of the dying, consoling. Forgetfulness in people might wound, their ingratitude corrode, but this voice, pouring endlessly, year in year out, would take whatever it might be; this vow; this van; this life; this procession, would wrap them all about and carry them on, as in the rough stream of a glacier the ice holds a splinter of bone, a blue petal, some oak trees, and rolls them on.

But it was later than she thought. Her mother would not like her to be wandering off alone like this. She turned back down the Strand.

A puff of wind (in spite of the heat, there was quite a wind) blew a thin black veil over the sun and over the Strand. The faces faded; the omnibuses suddenly lost their glow. For although the clouds were of mountainous white so that one could fancy hacking hard chips off with a hatchet, with broad golden slopes, lawns of celestial pleasure gardens, on their flanks, and had all the appearance of settled habitations assembled for the conference of gods above the world, there was a perpetual movement among them. Signs were interchanged, when, as if to fulfil some scheme arranged already, now a summit dwindled, now a whole block of pyramidal size which had kept its station inalterably advanced into the midst or gravely led the procession to fresh anchorage. Fixed though they seemed at their posts, at rest in perfect unanimity, nothing could be fresher, freer, more sensitive superficially than the snow-white or gold-kindled surface; to change, to go, to dismantle the solemn assemblage was immediately possible; and in spite of the grave fixity, the accumulated robustness and solidity, now they struck light to the earth, now darkness.

Calmly and competently, Elizabeth Dalloway mounted the Westminster omnibus.

Going and coming, beckoning, signalling, so the light and shadow which now made the wall grey, now the bananas bright yellow, now made the Strand grey, now made the omnibuses bright yellow, seemed to Septimus Warren Smith lying on the sofa in the sitting-room; watching the watery gold glow and fade with the astonishing sensibility of some live creature on the roses, on the wall-paper. Outside the trees dragged their leaves like nets through the depths of the air; the sound of water was in the room and through the waves came the voices of birds singing. Every power poured its treasures on his head, and his hand lay there on the back of the sofa, as he had seen his hand lie when he was bathing, floating, on the top of the waves, while far away on shore he heard dogs barking and barking far away. Fear no more, says the heart in the body; fear no more.

He was not afraid. At every moment Nature signified by some laughing hint like that gold spot which went round the wall--there, there, there--her determination to show, by brandishing her plumes, shaking her tresses, flinging her mantle this way and that, beautifully, always beautifully, and standing close up to breathe through her hollowed hands Shakespeare's words, her meaning.

Rezia, sitting at the table twisting a hat in her hands, watched him; saw him smiling. He was happy then. But she could not bear to see him smiling. It was not marriage; it was not being one's husband to look strange like that, always to be starting, laughing, sitting hour after hour silent, or clutching her and telling her to write. The table drawer was full of those writings; about war; about Shakespeare; about great discoveries; how there is no death. Lately he had become excited suddenly for no reason (and both Dr. Holmes and Sir William Bradshaw said excitement was the worst thing for him), and waved his hands and cried out that he knew the truth! He knew everything! That man, his friend who was killed, Evans, had come, he said. He was singing behind the screen. She wrote it down just as he spoke it. Some things were very beautiful; others sheer nonsense. And he was always stopping in the middle, changing his mind; wanting to add something; hearing something new; listening with his hand up.

But she heard nothing.

And once they found the girl who did the room reading one of these papers in fits of laughter. It was a dreadful pity. For that made Septimus cry out about human cruelty--how they tear each other to pieces. The fallen, he said, they tear to pieces. "Holmes is on us," he would say, and he would invent stories about Holmes; Holmes eating porridge; Holmes reading Shakespeare--making himself roar with laughter or rage, for Dr. Holmes seemed to stand for something horrible to him. "Human nature," he called him. Then there were the visions. He was drowned, he used to say, and lying on a cliff with the gulls screaming over him. He would look over the edge of the sofa down into the sea. Or he was hearing music. Really it was only a barrel organ or some man crying in the street. But "Lovely!" he used to cry, and the tears would run down his cheeks, which was to her the most dreadful thing of all, to see a man like Septimus, who had fought, who was brave, crying. And he would lie listening until suddenly he would cry that he was falling down, down into the flames! Actually she would look for flames, it was so vivid. But there was nothing. They were alone in the room. It was a dream, she would tell him and so quiet him at last, but sometimes she was frightened too. She sighed as she sat sewing.

Her sigh was tender and enchanting, like the wind outside a wood in the evening. Now she put down her scissors; now she turned to take something from the table. A little stir, a little crinkling, a little tapping built up something on the table there, where she sat sewing. Through his eyelashes he could see her blurred outline; her little black body; her face and hands; her turning movements at the table, as she took up a reel, or looked (she was apt to lose things) for her silk. She was making a hat for Mrs. Filmer's married daughter, whose name was--he had forgotten her name.

"What is the name of Mrs. Filmer's married daughter?" he asked.

"Mrs. Peters," said Rezia. She was afraid it was too small, she said, holding it before her. Mrs. Peters was a big woman; but she did not like her. It was only because Mrs. Filmer had been so good to them. "She gave me grapes this morning," she said--that Rezia wanted to do something to show that they were grateful. She had come into the room the other evening and found Mrs. Peters, who thought they were out, playing the gramophone.

"Was it true?" he asked. She was playing the gramophone? Yes; she had told him about it at the time; she had found Mrs. Peters playing the gramophone.

He began, very cautiously, to open his eyes, to see whether a gramophone was really there. But real things--real things were too exciting. He must be cautious. He would not go mad. First he looked at the fashion papers on the lower shelf, then, gradually at the gramophone with the green trumpet. Nothing could be more exact. And so, gathering courage, he looked at the sideboard; the plate of bananas; the engraving of Queen Victoria and the Prince Consort; at the mantelpiece, with the jar of roses. None of these things moved. All were still; all were real.

"She is a woman with a spiteful tongue," said Rezia.

"What does Mr. Peters do?" Septimus asked.

"Ah," said Rezia, trying to remember. She thought Mrs. Filmer had said that he travelled for some company. "Just now he is in Hull," she said.

"Just now!" She said that with her Italian accent. She said that herself. He shaded his eyes so that he might see only a little of her face at a time, first the chin, then the nose, then the forehead, in case it were deformed, or had some terrible mark on it. But no, there she was, perfectly natural, sewing, with the pursed lips that women have, the set, the melancholy expression, when sewing. But there was nothing terrible about it, he assured himself, looking a second time, a third time at her face, her hands, for what was frightening or disgusting in her as she sat there in broad daylight, sewing? Mrs. Peters had a spiteful tongue. Mr. Peters was in Hull. Why then rage and prophesy? Why fly scourged and outcast? Why be made to tremble and sob by the clouds? Why seek truths and deliver messages when Rezia sat sticking pins into the front of her dress, and Mr. Peters was in Hull? Miracles, revelations, agonies, loneliness, falling through the sea, down, down into the flames, all were burnt out, for he had a sense, as he watched Rezia trimming the straw hat for Mrs. Peters, of a coverlet of flowers.

"It's too small for Mrs. Peters," said Septimus.

For the first time for days he was speaking as he used to do! Of course it was--absurdly small, she said. But Mrs. Peters had chosen it.

He took it out of her hands. He said it was an organ grinder's monkey's hat.

How it rejoiced her that! Not for weeks had they laughed like this together, poking fun privately like married people. What she meant was that if Mrs. Filmer had come in, or Mrs. Peters or anybody they would not have understood what she and Septimus were laughing at.

"There," she said, pinning a rose to one side of the hat. Never had she felt so happy! Never in her life!

But that was still more ridiculous, Septimus said. Now the poor woman looked like a pig at a fair. (Nobody ever made her laugh as Septimus did.)

What had she got in her work-box? She had ribbons and beads, tassels, artificial flowers. She tumbled them out on the table. He began putting odd colours together--for though he had no fingers, could not even do up a parcel, he had a wonderful eye, and often he was right, sometimes absurd, of course, but sometimes wonderfully right.

"She shall have a beautiful hat!" he murmured, taking up this and that, Rezia kneeling by his side, looking over his shoulder. Now it was finished--that is to say the design; she must stitch it together. But she must be very, very careful, he said, to keep it just as he had made it.

So she sewed. When she sewed, he thought, she made a sound like a kettle on the hob; bubbling, murmuring, always busy, her strong little pointed fingers pinching and poking; her needle flashing straight. The sun might go in and out, on the tassels, on the wall-paper, but he would wait, he thought, stretching out his feet, looking at his ringed sock at the end of the sofa; he would wait in this warm place, this pocket of still air, which one comes on at the edge of a wood sometimes in the evening, when, because of a fall in the ground, or some arrangement of the trees (one must be scientific above all, scientific), warmth lingers, and the air buffets the cheek like the wing of a bird.

"There it is," said Rezia, twirling Mrs. Peters' hat on the tips of her fingers. "That'll do for the moment. Later . . ." her sentence bubbled away drip, drip, drip, like a contented tap left running.

It was wonderful. Never had he done anything which made him feel so proud. It was so real, it was so substantial, Mrs. Peters' hat.

"Just look at it," he said.

Yes, it would always make her happy to see that hat. He had become himself then, he had laughed then. They had been alone together. Always she would like that hat.

He told her to try it on.

"But I must look so queer!" she cried, running over to the glass and looking first this side then that. Then she snatched it off again, for there was a tap at the door. Could it be Sir William Bradshaw? Had he sent already?

No! it was only the small girl with the evening paper.

What always happened, then happened--what happened every night of their lives. The small girl sucked her thumb at the door; Rezia went down on her knees; Rezia cooed and kissed; Rezia got a bag of sweets out of the table drawer. For so it always happened. First one thing, then another. So she built it up, first one thing and then another. Dancing, skipping, round and round the room they went. He took the paper. Surrey was all out, he read. There was a heat wave. Rezia repeated: Surrey was all out. There was a heat wave, making it part of the game she was playing with Mrs. Filmer's grandchild, both of them laughing, chattering at the same time, at their game. He was very tired. He was very happy. He would sleep. He shut his eyes. But directly he saw nothing the sounds of the game became fainter and stranger and sounded like the cries of people seeking and not finding, and passing further and further away. They had lost him!

He started up in terror. What did he see? The plate of bananas on the sideboard. Nobody was there (Rezia had taken the child to its mother. It was bedtime). That was it: to be alone forever. That was the doom pronounced in Milan when he came into the room and saw them cutting out buckram shapes with their scissors; to be alone forever.

He was alone with the sideboard and the bananas. He was alone, exposed on this bleak eminence, stretched out--but not on a hill-top; not on a crag; on Mrs. Filmer's sitting-room sofa. As for the visions, the faces, the voices of the dead, where were they? There was a screen in front of him, with black bulrushes and blue swallows. Where he had once seen mountains, where he had seen faces, where he had seen beauty, there was a screen.

"Evans!" he cried. There was no answer. A mouse had squeaked, or a curtain rustled. Those were the voices of the dead. The screen, the coalscuttle, the sideboard remained to him. Let him then face the screen, the coal-scuttle and the sideboard . . . but Rezia burst into the room chattering.

Some letter had come. Everybody's plans were changed. Mrs. Filmer would not be able to go to Brighton after all. There was no time to let Mrs. Williams know, and really Rezia thought it very, very annoying, when she caught sight of the hat and thought . . . perhaps . . . she . . . might just make a little. . . . Her voice died out in contented melody.

"Ah, damn!" she cried (it was a joke of theirs, her swearing), the needle had broken. Hat, child, Brighton, needle. She built it up; first one thing, then another, she built it up, sewing.

She wanted him to say whether by moving the rose she had improved the hat. She sat on the end of the sofa.

They were perfectly happy now, she said, suddenly, putting the hat down. For she could say anything to him now. She could say whatever came into her head. That was almost the first thing she had felt about him, that night in the caf when he had come in with his English friends. He had come in, rather shyly, looking round him, and his hat had fallen when he hung it up. That she could remember. She knew he was English, though not one of the large Englishmen her sister admired, for he was always thin; but he had a beautiful fresh colour; and with his big nose, his bright eyes, his way of sitting a little hunched made her think, she had often told him, of a young hawk, that first evening she saw him, when they were playing dominoes, and he had come in--of a young hawk; but with her he was always very gentle. She had never seen him wild or drunk, only suffering sometimes through this terrible war, but even so, when she came in, he would put it all away. Anything, anything in the whole world, any little bother with her work, anything that struck her to say she would tell him, and he understood at once. Her own family even were not the same. Being older than she was and being so clever--how serious he was, wanting her to read Shakespeare before she could even read a child's story in English!--being so much more experienced, he could help her. And she too could help him.

But this hat now. And then (it was getting late) Sir William Bradshaw.

She held her hands to her head, waiting for him to say did he like the hat or not, and as she sat there, waiting, looking down, he could feel her mind, like a bird, falling from branch to branch, and always alighting, quite rightly; he could follow her mind, as she sat there in one of those loose lax poses that came to her naturally and, if he should say anything, at once she smiled, like a bird alighting with all its claws firm upon the bough.

But he remembered Bradshaw said, "The people we are most fond of are not good for us when we are ill." Bradshaw said, he must be taught to rest. Bradshaw said they must be separated.

"Must," "must," why "must"? What power had Bradshaw over him? "What right has Bradshaw to say 'must' to me?" he demanded.

"It is because you talked of killing yourself," said Rezia. (Mercifully, she could now say anything to Septimus.)

So he was in their power! Holmes and Bradshaw were on him! The brute with the red nostrils was snuffing into every secret place! "Must" it could say! Where were his papers? the things he had written?

She brought him his papers, the things he had written, things she had written for him. She tumbled them out on to the sofa. They looked at them together. Diagrams, designs, little men and women brandishing sticks for arms, with wings--were they?--on their backs; circles traced round shillings and sixpences--the suns and stars; zigzagging precipices with mountaineers ascending roped together, exactly like knives and forks; sea pieces with little faces laughing out of what might perhaps be waves: the map of the world. Burn them! he cried. Now for his writings; how the dead sing behind rhododendron bushes; odes to Time; conversations with Shakespeare; Evans, Evans, Evans--his messages from the dead; do not cut down trees; tell the Prime Minister. Universal love: the meaning of the world. Burn them! he cried.

But Rezia laid her hands on them. Some were very beautiful, she thought. She would tie them up (for she had no envelope) with a piece of silk.

Even if they took him, she said, she would go with him. They could not separate them against their wills, she said.

Shuffling the edges straight, she did up the papers, and tied the parcel almost without looking, sitting beside him, he thought, as if all her petals were about her. She was a flowering tree; and through her branches looked out the face of a lawgiver, who had reached a sanctuary where she feared no one; not Holmes; not Bradshaw; a miracle, a triumph, the last and greatest. Staggering he saw her mount the appalling staircase, laden with Holmes and Bradshaw, men who never weighed less than eleven stone six, who sent their wives to Court, men who made ten thousand a year and talked of proportion; who different in their verdicts (for Holmes said one thing, Bradshaw another), yet judges they were; who mixed the vision and the sideboard; saw nothing clear, yet ruled, yet inflicted. "Must" they said. Over them she triumphed.

"There!" she said. The papers were tied up. No one should get at them. She would put them away.

And, she said, nothing should separate them. She sat down beside him and called him by the name of that hawk or crow which being malicious and a great destroyer of crops was precisely like him. No one could separate them, she said.

Then she got up to go into the bedroom to pack their things, but hearing voices downstairs and thinking that Dr. Holmes had perhaps called, ran down to prevent him coming up.

Septimus could hear her talking to Holmes on the staircase.

"My dear lady, I have come as a friend," Holmes was saying.

"No. I will not allow you to see my husband," she said.

He could see her, like a little hen, with her wings spread barring his passage. But Holmes persevered.

"My dear lady, allow me . . ." Holmes said, putting her aside (Holmes was a powerfully built man).

Holmes was coming upstairs. Holmes would burst open the door. Holmes would say "In a funk, eh?" Holmes would get him. But no; not Holmes; not Bradshaw. Getting up rather unsteadily, hopping indeed from foot to foot, he considered Mrs. Filmer's nice clean bread knife with "Bread" carved on the handle. Ah, but one mustn't spoil that. The gas fire? But it was too late now. Holmes was coming. Razors he might have got, but Rezia, who always did that sort of thing, had packed them. There remained only the window, the large Bloomsbury-lodging house window, the tiresome, the troublesome, and rather melodramatic business of opening the window and throwing himself out. It was their idea of tragedy, not his or Rezia's (for she was with him). Holmes and Bradshaw like that sort of thing. (He sat on the sill.) But he would wait till the very last moment. He did not want to die. Life was good. The sun hot. Only human beings--what did they want? Coming down the staircase opposite an old man stopped and stared at him. Holmes was at the door. "I'll give it you!" he cried, and flung himself vigorously, violently down on to Mrs. Filmer's area railings.

"The coward!" cried Dr. Holmes, bursting the door open. Rezia ran to the window, she saw; she understood. Dr. Holmes and Mrs. Filmer collided with each other. Mrs. Filmer flapped her apron and made her hide her eyes in the bedroom. There was a great deal of running up and down stairs. Dr. Holmes came in--white as a sheet, shaking all over, with a glass in his hand. She must be brave and drink something, he said (What was it? Something sweet), for her husband was horribly mangled, would not recover consciousness, she must not see him, must be spared as much as possible, would have the inquest to go through, poor young woman. Who could have foretold it? A sudden impulse, no one was in the least to blame (he told Mrs. Filmer). And why the devil he did it, Dr. Holmes could not conceive.

It seemed to her as she drank the sweet stuff that she was opening long windows, stepping out into some garden. But where? The clock was striking--one, two, three: how sensible the sound was; compared with all this thumping and whispering; like Septimus himself. She was falling asleep. But the clock went on striking, four, five, six and Mrs. Filmer waving her apron (they wouldn't bring the body in here, would they?) seemed part of that garden; or a flag. She had once seen a flag slowly rippling out from a mast when she stayed with her aunt at Venice. Men killed in battle were thus saluted, and Septimus had been through the War. Of her memories, most were happy.

She put on her hat, and ran through cornfields--where could it have been?--on to some hill, somewhere near the sea, for there were ships, gulls, butterflies; they sat on a cliff. In London too, there they sat, and, half dreaming, came to her through the bedroom door, rain falling, whisperings, stirrings among dry corn, the caress of the sea, as it seemed to her, hollowing them in its arched shell and murmuring to her laid on shore, strewn she felt, like flying flowers over some tomb.

"He is dead," she said, smiling at the poor old woman who guarded her with her honest light-blue eyes fixed on the door. (They wouldn't bring him in here, would they?) But Mrs. Filmer pooh-poohed. Oh no, oh no! They were carrying him away now. Ought she not to be told? Married people ought to be together, Mrs. Filmer thought. But they must do as the doctor said.

"Let her sleep," said Dr. Holmes, feeling her pulse. She saw the large outline of his body standing dark against the window. So that was Dr. Holmes.

One of the triumphs of civilisation, Peter Walsh thought. It is one of the triumphs of civilisation, as the light high bell of the ambulance sounded. Swiftly, cleanly the ambulance sped to the hospital, having picked up instantly, humanely, some poor devil; some one hit on the head, struck down by disease, knocked over perhaps a minute or so ago at one of these crossings, as might happen to oneself. That was civilisation. It struck him coming back from the East--the efficiency, the organisation, the communal spirit of London. Every cart or carriage of its own accord drew aside to let the ambulance pass. Perhaps it was morbid; or was it not touching rather, the respect which they showed this ambulance with its victim inside--busy men hurrying home yet instantly bethinking them as it passed of some wife; or presumably how easily it might have been them there, stretched on a shelf with a doctor and a nurse. . . . Ah, but thinking became morbid, sentimental, directly one began conjuring up doctors, dead bodies; a little glow of pleasure, a sort of lust too over the visual impression warned one not to go on with that sort of thing any more--fatal to art, fatal to friendship. True. And yet, thought Peter Walsh, as the ambulance turned the corner though the light high bell could be heard down the next street and still farther as it crossed the Tottenham Court Road, chiming constantly, it is the privilege of loneliness; in privacy one may do as one chooses. One might weep if no one saw. It had been his undoing--this susceptibility--in Anglo-Indian society; not weeping at the right time, or laughing either. I have that in me, he thought standing by the pillar-box, which could now dissolve in tears. Why, Heaven knows. Beauty of some sort probably, and the weight of the day, which beginning with that visit to Clarissa had exhausted him with its heat, its intensity, and the drip, drip, of one impression after another down into that cellar where they stood, deep, dark, and no one would ever know. Partly for that reason, its secrecy, complete and inviolable, he had found life like an unknown garden, full of turns and corners, surprising, yes; really it took one's breath away, these moments; there coming to him by the pillar-box opposite the British Museum one of them, a moment, in which things came together; this ambulance; and life and death. It was as if he were sucked up to some very high roof by that rush of emotion and the rest of him, like a white shell-sprinkled beach, left bare. It had been his undoing in Anglo-Indian society--this susceptibility.

Clarissa once, going on top of an omnibus with him somewhere, Clarissa superficially at least, so easily moved, now in despair, now in the best of spirits, all aquiver in those days and such good company, spotting queer little scenes, names, people from the top of a bus, for they used to explore London and bring back bags full of treasures from the Caledonian market--Clarissa had a theory in those days--they had heaps of theories, always theories, as young people have. It was to explain the feeling they had of dissatisfaction; not knowing people; not being known. For how could they know each other? You met every day; then not for six months, or years. It was unsatisfactory, they agreed, how little one knew people. But she said, sitting on the bus going up Shaftesbury Avenue, she felt herself everywhere; not "here, here, here"; and she tapped the back of the seat; but everywhere. She waved her hand, going up Shaftesbury Avenue. She was all that. So that to know her, or any one, one must seek out the people who completed them; even the places. Odd affinities she had with people she had never spoken to, some woman in the street, some man behind a counter--even trees, or barns. It ended in a transcendental theory which, with her horror of death, allowed her to believe, or say that she believed (for all her scepticism), that since our apparitions, the part of us which appears, are so momentary compared with the other, the unseen part of us, which spreads wide, the unseen might survive, be recovered somehow attached to this person or that, or even haunting certain places after death . . . perhaps--perhaps.

Looking back over that long friendship of almost thirty years her theory worked to this extent. Brief, broken, often painful as their actual meetings had been what with his absences and interruptions (this morning, for instance, in came Elizabeth, like a long-legged colt, handsome, dumb, just as he was beginning to talk to Clarissa) the effect of them on his life was immeasurable. There was a mystery about it. You were given a sharp, acute, uncomfortable grain--the actual meeting; horribly painful as often as not; yet in absence, in the most unlikely places, it would flower out, open, shed its scent, let you touch, taste, look about you, get the whole feel of it and understanding, after years of lying lost. Thus she had come to him; on board ship; in the Himalayas; suggested by the oddest things (so Sally Seton, generous, enthusiastic goose! thought of him when she saw blue hydrangeas). She had influenced him more than any person he had ever known. And always in this way coming before him without his wishing it, cool, lady-like, critical; or ravishing, romantic, recalling some field or English harvest. He saw her most often in the country, not in London. One scene after another at Bourton. . . .

He had reached his hotel. He crossed the hall, with its mounds of reddish chairs and sofas, its spike-leaved, withered-looking plants. He got his key off the hook. The young lady handed him some letters. He went upstairs--he saw her most often at Bourton, in the late summer, when he stayed there for a week, or fortnight even, as people did in those days. First on top of some hill there she would stand, hands clapped to her hair, her cloak blowing out, pointing, crying to them--she saw the Severn beneath. Or in a wood, making the kettle boil--very ineffective with her fingers; the smoke curtseying, blowing in their faces; her little pink face showing through; begging water from an old woman in a cottage, who came to the door to watch them go. They walked always; the others drove. She was bored driving, disliked all animals, except that dog. They tramped miles along roads. She would break off to get her bearings, pilot him back across country; and all the time they argued, discussed poetry, discussed people, discussed politics (she was a Radical then); never noticing a thing except when she stopped, cried out at a view or a tree, and made him look with her; and so on again, through stubble fields, she walking ahead, with a flower for her aunt, never tired of walking for all her delicacy; to drop down on Bourton in the dusk. Then, after dinner, old Breitkopf would open the piano and sing without any voice, and they would lie sunk in arm-chairs, trying not to laugh, but always breaking down and laughing, laughing--laughing at nothing. Breitkopf was supposed not to see. And then in the morning, flirting up and down like a wagtail in front of the house. . . .

Oh it was a letter from her! This blue envelope; that was her hand. And he would have to read it. Here was another of those meetings, bound to be painful! To read her letter needed the devil of an effort. "How heavenly it was to see him. She must tell him that." That was all.

But it upset him. It annoyed him. He wished she hadn't written it. Coming on top of his thoughts, it was like a nudge in the ribs. Why couldn't she let him be? After all, she had married Dalloway, and lived with him in perfect happiness all these years.

These hotels are not consoling places. Far from it. Any number of people had hung up their hats on those pegs. Even the flies, if you thought of it, had settled on other people's noses. As for the cleanliness which hit him in the face, it wasn't cleanliness, so much as bareness, frigidity; a thing that had to be. Some arid matron made her rounds at dawn sniffing, peering, causing blue-nosed maids to scour, for all the world as if the next visitor were a joint of meat to be served on a perfectly clean platter. For sleep, one bed; for sitting in, one armchair; for cleaning one's teeth and shaving one's chin, one tumbler, one looking-glass. Books, letters, dressing-gown, slipped about on the impersonality of the horsehair like incongruous impertinences. And it was Clarissa's letter that made him see all this. "Heavenly to see you. She must say so!" He folded the paper; pushed it away; nothing would induce him to read it again!

To get that letter to him by six o'clock she must have sat down and written it directly he left her; stamped it; sent somebody to the post. It was, as people say, very like her. She was upset by his visit. She had felt a great deal; had for a moment, when she kissed his hand, regretted, envied him even, remembered possibly (for he saw her look it) something he had said--how they would change the world if she married him perhaps; whereas, it was this; it was middle age; it was mediocrity; then forced herself with her indomitable vitality to put all that aside, there being in her a thread of life which for toughness, endurance, power to overcome obstacles, and carry her triumphantly through he had never known the like of. Yes; but there would come a reaction directly he left the room. She would be frightfully sorry for him; she would think what in the world she could do to give him pleasure (short always of the one thing) and he could see her with the tears running down her cheeks going to her writing-table and dashing off that one line which he was to find greeting him. . . . "Heavenly to see you!" And she meant it.

Peter Walsh had now unlaced his boots.

But it would not have been a success, their marriage. The other thing, after all, came so much more naturally.

It was odd; it was true; lots of people felt it. Peter Walsh, who had done just respectably, filled the usual posts adequately, was liked, but thought a little cranky, gave himself airs--it was odd that he should have had, especially now that his hair was grey, a contented look; a look of having reserves. It was this that made him attractive to women who liked the sense that he was not altogether manly. There was something unusual about him, or something behind him. It might be that he was bookish--never came to see you without taking up the book on the table (he was now reading, with his bootlaces trailing on the floor); or that he was a gentleman, which showed itself in the way he knocked the ashes out of his pipe, and in his manners of course to women. For it was very charming and quite ridiculous how easily some girl without a grain of sense could twist him round her finger. But at her own risk. That is to say, though he might be ever so easy, and indeed with his gaiety and good-breeding fascinating to be with, it was only up to a point. She said something--no, no; he saw through that. He wouldn't stand that--no, no. Then he could shout and rock and hold his sides together over some joke with men. He was the best judge of cooking in India. He was a man. But not the sort of man one had to respect--which was a mercy; not like Major Simmons, for instance; not in the least like that, Daisy thought, when, in spite of her two small children, she used to compare them.

He pulled off his boots. He emptied his pockets. Out came with his pocket-knife a snapshot of Daisy on the verandah; Daisy all in white, with a fox-terrier on her knee; very charming, very dark; the best he had ever seen of her. It did come, after all so naturally; so much more naturally than Clarissa. No fuss. No bother. No finicking and fidgeting. All plain sailing. And the dark, adorably pretty girl on the verandah exclaimed (he could hear her). Of course, of course she would give him everything! she cried (she had no sense of discretion) everything he wanted! she cried, running to meet him, whoever might be looking. And she was only twenty-four. And she had two children. Well, well!

Well indeed he had got himself into a mess at his age. And it came over him when he woke in the night pretty forcibly. Suppose they did marry? For him it would be all very well, but what about her? Mrs. Burgess, a good sort and no chatterbox, in whom he had confided, thought this absence of his in England, ostensibly to see lawyers might serve to make Daisy reconsider, think what it meant. It was a question of her position, Mrs. Burgess said; the social barrier; giving up her children. She'd be a widow with a past one of these days, draggling about in the suburbs, or more likely, indiscriminate (you know, she said, what such women get like, with too much paint). But Peter Walsh pooh-poohed all that. He didn't mean to die yet. Anyhow she must settle for herself; judge for herself, he thought, padding about the room in his socks, smoothing out his dress-shirt, for he might go to Clarissa's party, or he might go to one of the Halls, or he might settle in and read an absorbing book written by a man he used to know at Oxford. And if he did retire, that's what he'd do--write books. He would go to Oxford and poke about in the Bodleian. Vainly the dark, adorably pretty girl ran to the end of the terrace; vainly waved her hand; vainly cried she didn't care a straw what people said. There he was, the man she thought the world of, the perfect gentleman, the fascinating, the distinguished (and his age made not the least difference to her), padding about a room in an hotel in Bloomsbury, shaving, washing, continuing, as he took up cans, put down razors, to poke about in the Bodleian, and get at the truth about one or two little matters that interested him. And he would have a chat with whoever it might be, and so come to disregard more and more precise hours for lunch, and miss engagements, and when Daisy asked him, as she would, for a kiss, a scene, fail to come up to the scratch (though he was genuinely devoted to her)--in short it might be happier, as Mrs. Burgess said, that she should forget him, or merely remember him as he was in August 1922, like a figure standing at the cross roads at dusk, which grows more and more remote as the dog-cart spins away, carrying her securely fastened to the back seat, though her arms are outstretched, and as she sees the figure dwindle and disappear still she cries out how she would do anything in the world, anything, anything, anything. . . .

He never knew what people thought. It became more and more difficult for him to concentrate. He became absorbed; he became busied with his own concerns; now surly, now gay; dependent on women, absent-minded, moody, less and less able (so he thought as he shaved) to understand why Clarissa couldn't simply find them a lodging and be nice to Daisy; introduce her. And then he could just--just do what? just haunt and hover (he was at the moment actually engaged in sorting out various keys, papers), swoop and taste, be alone, in short, sufficient to himself; and yet nobody of course was more dependent upon others (he buttoned his waistcoat); it had been his undoing. He could not keep out of smoking-rooms, liked colonels, liked golf, liked bridge, and above all women's society, and the fineness of their companionship, and their faithfulness and audacity and greatness in loving which though it had its drawbacks seemed to him (and the dark, adorably pretty face was on top of the envelopes) so wholly admirable, so splendid a flower to grow on the crest of human life, and yet he could not come up to the scratch, being always apt to see round things (Clarissa had sapped something in him permanently), and to tire very easily of mute devotion and to want variety in love, though it would make him furious if Daisy loved anybody else, furious! for he was jealous, uncontrollably jealous by temperament. He suffered tortures! But where was his knife; his watch; his seals, his note-case, and Clarissa's letter which he would not read again but liked to think of, and Daisy's photograph? And now for dinner.

They were eating.

Sitting at little tables round vases, dressed or not dressed, with their shawls and bags laid beside them, with their air of false composure, for they were not used to so many courses at dinner, and confidence, for they were able to pay for it, and strain, for they had been running about London all day shopping, sightseeing; and their natural curiosity, for they looked round and up as the nice-looking gentleman in horn-rimmed spectacles came in, and their good nature, for they would have been glad to do any little service, such as lend a time-table or impart useful information, and their desire, pulsing in them, tugging at them subterraneously, somehow to establish connections if it were only a birthplace (Liverpool, for example) in common or friends of the same name; with their furtive glances, odd silences, and sudden withdrawals into family jocularity and isolation; there they sat eating dinner when Mr. Walsh came in and took his seat at a little table by the curtain.

It was not that he said anything, for being solitary he could only address himself to the waiter; it was his way of looking at the menu, of pointing his forefinger to a particular wine, of hitching himself up to the table, of addressing himself seriously, not gluttonously to dinner, that won him their respect; which, having to remain unexpressed for the greater part of the meal, flared up at the table where the Morrises sat when Mr. Walsh was heard to say at the end of the meal, "Bartlett pears." Why he should have spoken so moderately yet firmly, with the air of a disciplinarian well within his rights which are founded upon justice, neither young Charles Morris, nor old Charles, neither Miss Elaine nor Mrs. Morris knew. But when he said, "Bartlett pears," sitting alone at his table, they felt that he counted on their support in some lawful demand; was champion of a cause which immediately became their own, so that their eyes met his eyes sympathetically, and when they all reached the smoking-room simultaneously, a little talk between them became inevitable.

It was not very profound--only to the effect that London was crowded; had changed in thirty years; that Mr. Morris preferred Liverpool; that Mrs. Morris had been to the Westminster flower-show, and that they had all seen the Prince of Wales. Yet, thought Peter Walsh, no family in the world can compare with the Morrises; none whatever; and their relations to each other are perfect, and they don't care a hang for the upper classes, and they like what they like, and Elaine is training for the family business, and the boy has won a scholarship at Leeds, and the old lady (who is about his own age) has three more children at home; and they have two motor cars, but Mr. Morris still mends the boots on Sunday: it is superb, it is absolutely superb, thought Peter Walsh, swaying a little backwards and forwards with his liqueur glass in his hand among the hairy red chairs and ash-trays, feeling very well pleased with himself, for the Morrises liked him. Yes, they liked a man who said, "Bartlett pears." They liked him, he felt.

He would go to Clarissa's party. (The Morrises moved off; but they would meet again.) He would go to Clarissa's party, because he wanted to ask Richard what they were doing in India--the conservative duffers. And what's being acted? And music. . . . Oh yes, and mere gossip.

For this is the truth about our soul, he thought, our self, who fish-like inhabits deep seas and plies among obscurities threading her way between the boles of giant weeds, over sun-flickered spaces and on and on into gloom, cold, deep, inscrutable; suddenly she shoots to the surface and sports on the wind-wrinkled waves; that is, has a positive need to brush, scrape, kindle herself, gossiping. What did the Government mean--Richard Dalloway would know--to do about India?

Since it was a very hot night and the paper boys went by with placards proclaiming in huge red letters that there was a heat-wave, wicker chairs were placed on the hotel steps and there, sipping, smoking, detached gentlemen sat. Peter Walsh sat there. One might fancy that day, the London day, was just beginning. Like a woman who had slipped off her print dress and white apron to array herself in blue and pearls, the day changed, put off stuff, took gauze, changed to evening, and with the same sigh of exhilaration that a woman breathes, tumbling petticoats on the floor, it too shed dust, heat, colour; the traffic thinned; motor cars, tinkling, darting, succeeded the lumber of vans; and here and there among the thick foliage of the squares an intense light hung. I resign, the evening seemed to say, as it paled and faded above the battlements and prominences, moulded, pointed, of hotel, flat, and block of shops, I fade, she was beginning, I disappear, but London would have none of it, and rushed her bayonets into the sky, pinioned her, constrained her to partnership in her revelry.

For the great revolution of Mr. Willett's summer time had taken place since Peter Walsh's last visit to England. The prolonged evening was new to him. It was inspiriting, rather. For as the young people went by with their despatch-boxes, awfully glad to be free, proud too, dumbly, of stepping this famous pavement, joy of a kind, cheap, tinselly, if you like, but all the same rapture, flushed their faces. They dressed well too; pink stockings; pretty shoes. They would now have two hours at the pictures. It sharpened, it refined them, the yellow-blue evening light; and on the leaves in the square shone lurid, livid--they looked as if dipped in sea water--the foliage of a submerged city. He was astonished by the beauty; it was encouraging too, for where the returned Anglo-Indian sat by rights (he knew crowds of them) in the Oriental Club biliously summing up the ruin of the world, here was he, as young as ever; envying young people their summer time and the rest of it, and more than suspecting from the words of a girl, from a housemaid's laughter--intangible things you couldn't lay your hands on--that shift in the whole pyramidal accumulation which in his youth had seemed immovable. On top of them it had pressed; weighed them down, the women especially, like those flowers Clarissa's Aunt Helena used to press between sheets of grey blotting-paper with Littr's dictionary on top, sitting under the lamp after dinner. She was dead now. He had heard of her, from Clarissa, losing the sight of one eye. It seemed so fitting--one of nature's masterpieces--that old Miss Parry should turn to glass. She would die like some bird in a frost gripping her perch. She belonged to a different age, but being so entire, so complete, would always stand up on the horizon, stone-white, eminent, like a lighthouse marking some past stage on this adventurous, long, long voyage, this interminable (he felt for a copper to buy a paper and read about Surrey and Yorkshire--he had held out that copper millions of times. Surrey was all out once more)--this interminable life. But cricket was no mere game. Cricket was important. He could never help reading about cricket. He read the scores in the stop press first, then how it was a hot day; then about a murder case. Having done things millions of times enriched them, though it might be said to take the surface off. The past enriched, and experience, and having cared for one or two people, and so having acquired the power which the young lack, of cutting short, doing what one likes, not caring a rap what people say and coming and going without any very great expectations (he left his paper on the table and moved off), which however (and he looked for his hat and coat) was not altogether true of him, not to-night, for here he was starting to go to a party, at his age, with the belief upon him that he was about to have an experience. But what?

Beauty anyhow. Not the crude beauty of the eye. It was not beauty pure and simple--Bedford Place leading into Russell Square. It was straightness and emptiness of course; the symmetry of a corridor; but it was also windows lit up, a piano, a gramophone sounding; a sense of pleasure-making hidden, but now and again emerging when, through the uncurtained window, the window left open, one saw parties sitting over tables, young people slowly circling, conversations between men and women, maids idly looking out (a strange comment theirs, when work was done), stockings drying on top ledges, a parrot, a few plants. Absorbing, mysterious, of infinite richness, this life. And in the large square where the cabs shot and swerved so quick, there were loitering couples, dallying, embracing, shrunk up under the shower of a tree; that was moving; so silent, so absorbed, that one passed, discreetly, timidly, as if in the presence of some sacred ceremony to interrupt which would have been impious. That was interesting. And so on into the flare and glare.

His light overcoat blew open, he stepped with indescribable idiosyncrasy, lent a little forward, tripped, with his hands behind his back and his eyes still a little hawklike; he tripped through London, towards Westminster, observing.

Was everybody dining out, then? Doors were being opened here by a footman to let issue a high-stepping old dame, in buckled shoes, with three purple ostrich feathers in her hair. Doors were being opened for ladies wrapped like mummies in shawls with bright flowers on them, ladies with bare heads. And in respectable quarters with stucco pillars through small front gardens lightly swathed with combs in their hair (having run up to see the children), women came; men waited for them, with their coats blowing open, and the motor started. Everybody was going out. What with these doors being opened, and the descent and the start, it seemed as if the whole of London were embarking in little boats moored to the bank, tossing on the waters, as if the whole place were floating off in carnival. And Whitehall was skated over, silver beaten as it was, skated over by spiders, and there was a sense of midges round the arc lamps; it was so hot that people stood about talking. And here in Westminster was a retired Judge, presumably, sitting four square at his house door dressed all in white. An Anglo-Indian presumably.

And here a shindy of brawling women, drunken women; here only a policeman and looming houses, high houses, domed houses, churches, parliaments, and the hoot of a steamer on the river, a hollow misty cry. But it was her street, this, Clarissa's; cabs were rushing round the corner, like water round the piers of a bridge, drawn together, it seemed to him because they bore people going to her party, Clarissa's party.

The cold stream of visual impressions failed him now as if the eye were a cup that overflowed and let the rest run down its china walls unrecorded. The brain must wake now. The body must contract now, entering the house, the lighted house, where the door stood open, where the motor cars were standing, and bright women descending: the soul must brave itself to endure. He opened the big blade of his pocket-knife.

 

 

Lucy came running full tilt downstairs, having just nipped in to the drawing-room to smooth a cover, to straighten a chair, to pause a moment and feel whoever came in must think how clean, how bright, how beautifully cared for, when they saw the beautiful silver, the brass fire-irons, the new chair-covers, and the curtains of yellow chintz: she appraised each; heard a roar of voices; people already coming up from dinner; she must fly!

The Prime Minister was coming, Agnes said: so she had heard them say in the dining-room, she said, coming in with a tray of glasses. Did it matter, did it matter in the least, one Prime Minister more or less? It made no difference at this hour of the night to Mrs. Walker among the plates, saucepans, cullenders, frying-pans, chicken in aspic, ice-cream freezers, pared crusts of bread, lemons, soup tureens, and pudding basins which, however hard they washed up in the scullery seemed to be all on top of her, on the kitchen table, on chairs, while the fire blared and roared, the electric lights glared, and still supper had to be laid. All she felt was, one Prime Minister more or less made not a scrap of difference to Mrs. Walker.

The ladies were going upstairs already, said Lucy; the ladies were going up, one by one, Mrs. Dalloway walking last and almost always sending back some message to the kitchen, "My love to Mrs. Walker," that was it one night. Next morning they would go over the dishes--the soup, the salmon; the salmon, Mrs. Walker knew, as usual underdone, for she always got nervous about the pudding and left it to Jenny; so it happened, the salmon was always underdone. But some lady with fair hair and silver ornaments had said, Lucy said, about the entre, was it really made at home? But it was the salmon that bothered Mrs. Walker, as she spun the plates round and round, and pulled in dampers and pulled out dampers; and there came a burst of laughter from the dining-room; a voice speaking; then another burst of laughter--the gentlemen enjoying themselves when the ladies had gone. The tokay, said Lucy running in. Mr. Dalloway had sent for the tokay, from the Emperor's cellars, the Imperial Tokay.

It was borne through the kitchen. Over her shoulder Lucy reported how Miss Elizabeth looked quite lovely; she couldn't take her eyes off her; in her pink dress, wearing the necklace Mr. Dalloway had given her. Jenny must remember the dog, Miss Elizabeth's fox-terrier, which, since it bit, had to be shut up and might, Elizabeth thought, want something. Jenny must remember the dog. But Jenny was not going upstairs with all those people about. There was a motor at the door already! There was a ring at the bell--and the gentlemen still in the dining-room, drinking tokay!

There, they were going upstairs; that was the first to come, and now they would come faster and faster, so that Mrs. Parkinson (hired for parties) would leave the hall door ajar, and the hall would be full of gentlemen waiting (they stood waiting, sleeking down their hair) while the ladies took their cloaks off in the room along the passage; where Mrs. Barnet helped them, old Ellen Barnet, who had been with the family for forty years, and came every summer to help the ladies, and remembered mothers when they were girls, and though very unassuming did shake hands; said "milady" very respectfully, yet had a humorous way with her, looking at the young ladies, and ever so tactfully helping Lady Lovejoy, who had some trouble with her underbodice. And they could not help feeling, Lady Lovejoy and Miss Alice, that some little privilege in the matter of brush and comb, was awarded them having known Mrs. Barnet--"thirty years, milady," Mrs. Barnet supplied her. Young ladies did not use to rouge, said Lady Lovejoy, when they stayed at Bourton in the old days. And Miss Alice didn't need rouge, said Mrs. Barnet, looking at her fondly. There Mrs. Barnet would sit, in the cloakroom, patting down the furs, smoothing out the Spanish shawls, tidying the dressing-table, and knowing perfectly well, in spite of the furs and the embroideries, which were nice ladies, which were not. The dear old body, said Lady Lovejoy, mounting the stairs, Clarissa's old nurse.

And then Lady Lovejoy stiffened. "Lady and Miss Lovejoy," she said to Mr. Wilkins (hired for parties). He had an admirable manner, as he bent and straightened himself, bent and straightened himself and announced with perfect impartiality "Lady and Miss Lovejoy . . . Sir John and Lady Needham . . . Miss Weld . . . Mr. Walsh." His manner was admirable; his family life must be irreproachable, except that it seemed impossible that a being with greenish lips and shaven cheeks could ever have blundered into the nuisance of children.

"How delightful to see you!" said Clarissa. She said it to every one. How delightful to see you! She was at her worst--effusive, insincere. It was a great mistake to have come. He should have stayed at home and read his book, thought Peter Walsh; should have gone to a music hall; he should have stayed at home, for he knew no one.

Oh dear, it was going to be a failure; a complete failure, Clarissa felt it in her bones as dear old Lord Lexham stood there apologising for his wife who had caught cold at the Buckingham Palace garden party. She could see Peter out of the tail of her eye, criticising her, there, in that corner. Why, after all, did she do these things? Why seek pinnacles and stand drenched in fire? Might it consume her anyhow! Burn her to cinders! Better anything, better brandish one's torch and hurl it to earth than taper and dwindle away like some Ellie Henderson! It was extraordinary how Peter put her into these states just by coming and standing in a corner. He made her see herself; exaggerate. It was idiotic. But why did he come, then, merely to criticise? Why always take, never give? Why not risk one's one little point of view? There he was wandering off, and she must speak to him. But she would not get the chance. Life was that--humiliation, renunciation. What Lord Lexham was saying was that his wife would not wear her furs at the garden party because "my dear, you ladies are all alike"--Lady Lexham being seventy-five at least! It was delicious, how they petted each other, that old couple. She did like old Lord Lexham. She did think it mattered, her party, and it made her feel quite sick to know that it was all going wrong, all falling flat. Anything, any explosion, any horror was better than people wandering aimlessly, standing in a bunch at a corner like Ellie Henderson, not even caring to hold themselves upright.

Gently the yellow curtain with all the birds of Paradise blew out and it seemed as if there were a flight of wings into the room, right out, then sucked back. (For the windows were open.) Was it draughty, Ellie Henderson wondered? She was subject to chills. But it did not matter that she should come down sneezing to-morrow; it was the girls with their naked shoulders she thought of, being trained to think of others by an old father, an invalid, late vicar of Bourton, but he was dead now; and her chills never went to her chest, never. It was the girls she thought of, the young girls with their bare shoulders, she herself having always been a wisp of a creature, with her thin hair and meagre profile; though now, past fifty, there was beginning to shine through some mild beam, something purified into distinction by years of self-abnegation but obscured again, perpetually, by her distressing gentility, her panic fear, which arose from three hundred pounds' income, and her weaponless state (she could not earn a penny) and it made her timid, and more and more disqualified year by year to meet well-dressed people who did this sort of thing every night of the season, merely telling their maids "I'll wear so and so," whereas Ellie Henderson ran out nervously and bought cheap pink flowers, half a dozen, and then threw a shawl over her old black dress. For her invitation to Clarissa's party had come at the last moment. She was not quite happy about it. She had a sort of feeling that Clarissa had not meant to ask her this year.

Why should she? There was no reason really, except that they had always known each other. Indeed, they were cousins. But naturally they had rather drifted apart, Clarissa being so sought after. It was an event to her, going to a party. It was quite a treat just to see the lovely clothes. Wasn't that Elizabeth, grown up, with her hair done in the fashionable way, in the pink dress? Yet she could not be more than seventeen. She was very, very handsome. But girls when they first came out didn't seem to wear white as they used. (She must remember everything to tell Edith.) Girls wore straight frocks, perfectly tight, with skirts well above the ankles. It was not becoming, she thought.

So, with her weak eyesight, Ellie Henderson craned rather forward, and it wasn't so much she who minded not having any one to talk to (she hardly knew anybody there), for she felt that they were all such interesting people to watch; politicians presumably; Richard Dalloway's friends; but it was Richard himself who felt that he could not let the poor creature go on standing there all the evening by herself.

"Well, Ellie, and how's the world treating you?" he said in his genial way, and Ellie Henderson, getting nervous and flushing and feeling that it was extraordinarily nice of him to come and talk to her, said that many people really felt the heat more than the cold.

"Yes, they do," said Richard Dalloway. "Yes."

But what more did one say?

"Hullo, Richard," said somebody, taking him by the elbow, and, good Lord, there was old Peter, old Peter Walsh. He was delighted to see him--ever so pleased to see him! He hadn't changed a bit. And off they went together walking right across the room, giving each other little pats, as if they hadn't met for a long time, Ellie Henderson thought, watching them go, certain she knew that man's face. A tall man, middle aged, rather fine eyes, dark, wearing spectacles, with a look of John Burrows. Edith would be sure to know.

The curtain with its flight of birds of Paradise blew out again. And Clarissa saw--she saw Ralph Lyon beat it back, and go on talking. So it wasn't a failure after all! it was going to be all right now--her party. It had begun. It had started. But it was still touch and go. She must stand there for the present. People seemed to come in a rush.

Colonel and Mrs. Garrod . . . Mr. Hugh Whitbread . . . Mr. Bowley . . . Mrs. Hilbery . . . Lady Mary Maddox . . . Mr. Quin . . . intoned Wilkin. She had six or seven words with each, and they went on, they went into the rooms; into something now, not nothing, since Ralph Lyon had beat back the curtain.

And yet for her own part, it was too much of an effort. She was not enjoying it. It was too much like being--just anybody, standing there; anybody could do it; yet this anybody she did a little admire, couldn't help feeling that she had, anyhow, made this happen, that it marked a stage, this post that she felt herself to have become, for oddly enough she had quite forgotten what she looked like, but felt herself a stake driven in at the top of her stairs. Every time she gave a party she had this feeling of being something not herself, and that every one was unreal in one way; much more real in another. It was, she thought, partly their clothes, partly being taken out of their ordinary ways, partly the background, it was possible to say things you couldn't say anyhow else, things that needed an effort; possible to go much deeper. But not for her; not yet anyhow.

"How delightful to see you!" she said. Dear old Sir Harry! He would know every one.

And what was so odd about it was the sense one had as they came up the stairs one after another, Mrs. Mount and Celia, Herbert Ainsty, Mrs. Dakers--oh and Lady Bruton!

"How awfully good of you to come!" she said, and she meant it--it was odd how standing there one felt them going on, going on, some quite old, some . . .

What name? Lady Rosseter? But who on earth was Lady Rosseter?

"Clarissa!" That voice! It was Sally Seton! Sally Seton! after all these years! She loomed through a mist. For she hadn't looked like that, Sally Seton, when Clarissa grasped the hot water can, to think of her under this roof, under this roof! Not like that!

All on top of each other, embarrassed, laughing, words tumbled out--passing through London; heard from Clara Haydon; what a chance of seeing you! So I thrust myself in--without an invitation. . . .

One might put down the hot water can quite composedly. The lustre had gone out of her. Yet it was extraordinary to see her again, older, happier, less lovely. They kissed each other, first this cheek then that, by the drawing-room door, and Clarissa turned, with Sally's hand in hers, and saw her rooms full, heard the roar of voices, saw the candlesticks, the blowing curtains, and the roses which Richard had given her.

"I have five enormous boys," said Sally.

She had the simplest egotism, the most open desire to be thought first always, and Clarissa loved her for being still like that. "I can't believe it!" she cried, kindling all over with pleasure at the thought of the past.

But alas, Wilkins; Wilkins wanted her; Wilkins was emitting in a voice of commanding authority as if the whole company must be admonished and the hostess reclaimed from frivolity, one name:

"The Prime Minister," said Peter Walsh.

The Prime Minister? Was it really? Ellie Henderson marvelled. What a thing to tell Edith!

One couldn't laugh at him. He looked so ordinary. You might have stood him behind a counter and bought biscuits--poor chap, all rigged up in gold lace. And to be fair, as he went his rounds, first with Clarissa then with Richard escorting him, he did it very well. He tried to look somebody. It was amusing to watch. Nobody looked at him. They just went on talking, yet it was perfectly plain that they all knew, felt to the marrow of their bones, this majesty passing; this symbol of what they all stood for, English society. Old Lady Bruton, and she looked very fine too, very stalwart in her lace, swam up, and they withdrew into a little room which at once became spied upon, guarded, and a sort of stir and rustle rippled through every one, openly: the Prime Minister!

Lord, lord, the snobbery of the English! thought Peter Walsh, standing in the corner. How they loved dressing up in gold lace and doing homage! There! That must be, by Jove it was, Hugh Whitbread, snuffing round the precincts of the great, grown rather fatter, rather whiter, the admirable Hugh!

He looked always as if he were on duty, thought Peter, a privileged, but secretive being, hoarding secrets which he would die to defend, though it was only some little piece of tittle-tattle dropped by a court footman, which would be in all the papers tomorrow. Such were his rattles, his baubles, in playing with which he had grown white, come to the verge of old age, enjoying the respect and affection of all who had the privilege of knowing this type of the English public school man. Inevitably one made up things like that about Hugh; that was his style; the style of those admirable letters which Peter had read thousands of miles across the sea in the Times, and had thanked God he was out of that pernicious hubble-bubble if it were only to hear baboons chatter and coolies beat their wives. An olive-skinned youth from one of the Universities stood obsequiously by. Him he would patronise, initiate, teach how to get on. For he liked nothing better than doing kindnesses, making the hearts of old ladies palpitate with the joy of being thought of in their age, their affliction, thinking themselves quite forgotten, yet here was dear Hugh driving up and spending an hour talking of the past, remembering trifles, praising the home-made cake, though Hugh might eat cake with a Duchess any day of his life, and, to look at him, probably did spend a good deal of time in that agreeable occupation. The All-judging, the All-merciful, might excuse. Peter Walsh had no mercy. Villains there must be, and God knows the rascals who get hanged for battering the brains of a girl out in a train do less harm on the whole than Hugh Whitbread and his kindness. Look at him now, on tiptoe, dancing forward, bowing and scraping, as the Prime Minister and Lady Bruton emerged, intimating for all the world to see that he was privileged to say something, something private, to Lady Bruton as she passed. She stopped. She wagged her fine old head. She was thanking him presumably for some piece of servility. She had her toadies, minor officials in Government offices who ran about putting through little jobs on her behalf, in return for which she gave them luncheon. But she derived from the eighteenth century. She was all right.

And now Clarissa escorted her Prime Minister down the room, prancing, sparkling, with the stateliness of her grey hair. She wore ear-rings, and a silver-green mermaid's dress. Lolloping on the waves and braiding her tresses she seemed, having that gift still; to be; to exist; to sum it all up in the moment as she passed; turned, caught her scarf in some other woman's dress, unhitched it, laughed, all with the most perfect ease and air of a creature floating in its element. But age had brushed her; even as a mermaid might behold in her glass the setting sun on some very clear evening over the waves. There was a breath of tenderness; her severity, her prudery, her woodenness were all warmed through now, and she had about her as she said good-bye to the thick gold-laced man who was doing his best, and good luck to him, to look important, an inexpressible dignity; an exquisite cordiality; as if she wished the whole world well, and must now, being on the very verge and rim of things, take her leave. So she made him think. (But he was not in love.)

Indeed, Clarissa felt, the Prime Minister had been good to come. And, walking down the room with him, with Sally there and Peter there and Richard very pleased, with all those people rather inclined, perhaps, to envy, she had felt that intoxication of the moment, that dilatation of the nerves of the heart itself till it seemed to quiver, steeped, upright;--yes, but after all it was what other people felt, that; for, though she loved it and felt it tingle and sting, still these semblances, these triumphs (dear old Peter, for example, thinking her so brilliant), had a hollowness; at arm's length they were, not in the heart; and it might be that she was growing old but they satisfied her no longer as they used; and suddenly, as she saw the Prime Minister go down the stairs, the gilt rim of the Sir Joshua picture of the little girl with a muff brought back Kilman with a rush; Kilman her enemy. That was satisfying; that was real. Ah, how she hated her--hot, hypocritical, corrupt; with all that power; Elizabeth's seducer; the woman who had crept in to steal and defile (Richard would say, What nonsense!). She hated her: she loved her. It was enemies one wanted, not friends--not Mrs. Durrant and Clara, Sir William and Lady Bradshaw, Miss Truelock and Eleanor Gibson (whom she saw coming upstairs). They must find her if they wanted her. She was for the party!

There was her old friend Sir Harry.

"Dear Sir Harry!" she said, going up to the fine old fellow who had produced more bad pictures than any other two Academicians in the whole of St. John's Wood (they were always of cattle, standing in sunset pools absorbing moisture, or signifying, for he had a certain range of gesture, by the raising of one foreleg and the toss of the antlers, "the Approach of the Stranger"--all his activities, dining out, racing, were founded on cattle standing absorbing moisture in sunset pools).

"What are you laughing at?" she asked him. For Willie Titcomb and Sir Harry and Herbert Ainsty were all laughing. But no. Sir Harry could not tell Clarissa Dalloway (much though he liked her; of her type he thought her perfect, and threatened to paint her) his stories of the music hall stage. He chaffed her about her party. He missed his brandy. These circles, he said, were above him. But he liked her; respected her, in spite of her damnable, difficult upper-class refinement, which made it impossible to ask Clarissa Dalloway to sit on his knee. And up came that wandering will-o'-the-wisp, that vagulous phosphorescence, old Mrs. Hilbery, stretching her hands to the blaze of his laughter (about the Duke and the Lady), which, as she heard it across the room, seemed to reassure her on a point which sometimes bothered her if she woke early in the morning and did not like to call her maid for a cup of tea; how it is certain we must die.

"They won't tell us their stories," said Clarissa.

"Dear Clarissa!" exclaimed Mrs. Hilbery. She looked to-night, she said, so like her mother as she first saw her walking in a garden in a grey hat.

And really Clarissa's eyes filled with tears. Her mother, walking in a garden! But alas, she must go.

For there was Professor Brierly, who lectured on Milton, talking to little Jim Hutton (who was unable even for a party like this to compass both tie and waistcoat or make his hair lie flat), and even at this distance they were quarrelling, she could see. For Professor Brierly was a very queer fish. With all those degrees, honours, lectureships between him and the scribblers he suspected instantly an atmosphere not favourable to his queer compound; his prodigious learning and timidity; his wintry charm without cordiality; his innocence blent with snobbery; he quivered if made conscious by a lady's unkempt hair, a youth's boots, of an underworld, very creditable doubtless, of rebels, of ardent young people; of would-be geniuses, and intimated with a little toss of the head, with a sniff--Humph!--the value of moderation; of some slight training in the classics in order to appreciate Milton. Professor Brierly (Clarissa could see) wasn't hitting it off with little Jim Hutton (who wore red socks, his black being at the laundry) about Milton. She interrupted.

She said she loved Bach. So did Hutton. That was the bond between them, and Hutton (a very bad poet) always felt that Mrs. Dalloway was far the best of the great ladies who took an interest in art. It was odd how strict she was. About music she was purely impersonal. She was rather a prig. But how charming to look at! She made her house so nice if it weren't for her Professors. Clarissa had half a mind to snatch him off and set him down at the piano in the back room. For he played divinely.

"But the noise!" she said. "The noise!"

"The sign of a successful party." Nodding urbanely, the Professor stepped delicately off.

"He knows everything in the whole world about Milton," said Clarissa.

"Does he indeed?" said Hutton, who would imitate the Professor throughout Hampstead; the Professor on Milton; the Professor on moderation; the Professor stepping delicately off.

But she must speak to that couple, said Clarissa, Lord Gayton and Nancy Blow.

Not that they added perceptibly to the noise of the party. They were not talking (perceptibly) as they stood side by side by the yellow curtains. They would soon be off elsewhere, together; and never had very much to say in any circumstances. They looked; that was all. That was enough. They looked so clean, so sound, she with an apricot bloom of powder and paint, but he scrubbed, rinsed, with the eyes of a bird, so that no ball could pass him or stroke surprise him. He struck, he leapt, accurately, on the spot. Ponies' mouths quivered at the end of his reins. He had his honours, ancestral monuments, banners hanging in the church at home. He had his duties; his tenants; a mother and sisters; had been all day at Lords, and that was what they were talking about--cricket, cousins, the movies--when Mrs. Dalloway came up. Lord Gayton liked her most awfully. So did Miss Blow. She had such charming manners.

"It is angelic--it is delicious of you to have come!" she said. She loved Lords; she loved youth, and Nancy, dressed at enormous expense by the greatest artists in Paris, stood there looking as if her body had merely put forth, of its own accord, a green frill.

"I had meant to have dancing," said Clarissa.

For the young people could not talk. And why should they? Shout, embrace, swing, be up at dawn; carry sugar to ponies; kiss and caress the snouts of adorable chows; and then all tingling and streaming, plunge and swim. But the enormous resources of the English language, the power it bestows, after all, of communicating feelings (at their age, she and Peter would have been arguing all the evening), was not for them. They would solidify young. They would be good beyond measure to the people on the estate, but alone, perhaps, rather dull.

"What a pity!" she said. "I had hoped to have dancing."

It was so extraordinarily nice of them to have come! But talk of dancing! The rooms were packed.

There was old Aunt Helena in her shawl. Alas, she must leave them--Lord Gayton and Nancy Blow. There was old Miss Parry, her aunt.

For Miss Helena Parry was not dead: Miss Parry was alive. She was past eighty. She ascended staircases slowly with a stick. She was placed in a chair (Richard had seen to it). People who had known Burma in the 'seventies were always led up to her. Where had Peter got to? They used to be such friends. For at the mention of India, or even Ceylon, her eyes (only one was glass) slowly deepened, became blue, beheld, not human beings--she had no tender memories, no proud illusions about Viceroys, Generals, Mutinies--it was orchids she saw, and mountain passes and herself carried on the backs of coolies in the 'sixties over solitary peaks; or descending to uproot orchids (startling blossoms, never beheld before) which she painted in water-colour; an indomitable Englishwoman, fretful if disturbed by the War, say, which dropped a bomb at her very door, from her deep meditation over orchids and her own figure journeying in the 'sixties in India--but here was Peter.

"Come and talk to Aunt Helena about Burma," said Clarissa.

And yet he had not had a word with her all the evening!

"We will talk later," said Clarissa, leading him up to Aunt Helena, in her white shawl, with her stick.

"Peter Walsh," said Clarissa.

That meant nothing.

Clarissa had asked her. It was tiring; it was noisy; but Clarissa had asked her. So she had come. It was a pity that they lived in London--Richard and Clarissa. If only for Clarissa's health it would have been better to live in the country. But Clarissa had always been fond of society.

"He has been in Burma," said Clarissa.

Ah. She could not resist recalling what Charles Darwin had said about her little book on the orchids of Burma.

(Clarissa must speak to Lady Bruton.)

No doubt it was forgotten now, her book on the orchids of Burma, but it went into three editions before 1870, she told Peter. She remembered him now. He had been at Bourton (and he had left her, Peter Walsh remembered, without a word in the drawing-room that night when Clarissa had asked him to come boating).

"Richard so much enjoyed his lunch party," said Clarissa to Lady Bruton.

"Richard was the greatest possible help," Lady Bruton replied. "He helped me to write a letter. And how are you?"

"Oh, perfectly well!" said Clarissa. (Lady Bruton detested illness in the wives of politicians.)

"And there's Peter Walsh!" said Lady Bruton (for she could never think of anything to say to Clarissa; though she liked her. She had lots of fine qualities; but they had nothing in common--she and Clarissa. It might have been better if Richard had married a woman with less charm, who would have helped him more in his work. He had lost his chance of the Cabinet). "There's Peter Walsh!" she said, shaking hands with that agreeable sinner, that very able fellow who should have made a name for himself but hadn't (always in difficulties with women), and, of course, old Miss Parry. Wonderful old lady!

Lady Bruton stood by Miss Parry's chair, a spectral grenadier, draped in black, inviting Peter Walsh to lunch; cordial; but without small talk, remembering nothing whatever about the flora or fauna of India. She had been there, of course; had stayed with three Viceroys; thought some of the Indian civilians uncommonly fine fellows; but what a tragedy it was--the state of India! The Prime Minister had just been telling her (old Miss Parry huddled up in her shawl, did not care what the Prime Minister had just been telling her), and Lady Bruton would like to have Peter Walsh's opinion, he being fresh from the centre, and she would get Sir Sampson to meet him, for really it prevented her from sleeping at night, the folly of it, the wickedness she might say, being a soldier's daughter. She was an old woman now, not good for much. But her house, her servants, her good friend Milly Brush--did he remember her?--were all there only asking to be used if--if they could be of help, in short. For she never spoke of England, but this isle of men, this dear, dear land, was in her blood (without reading Shakespeare), and if ever a woman could have worn the helmet and shot the arrow, could have led troops to attack, ruled with indomitable justice barbarian hordes and lain under a shield noseless in a church, or made a green grass mound on some primeval hillside, that woman was Millicent Bruton. Debarred by her sex and some truancy, too, of the logical faculty (she found it impossible to write a letter to the Times), she had the thought of Empire always at hand, and had acquired from her association with that armoured goddess her ramrod bearing, her robustness of demeanour, so that one could not figure her even in death parted from the earth or roaming territories over which, in some spiritual shape, the Union Jack had ceased to fly. To be not English even among the dead--no, no! Impossible!

But was it Lady Bruton (whom she used to know)? Was it Peter Walsh grown grey? Lady Rosseter asked herself (who had been Sally Seton). It was old Miss Parry certainly--the old aunt who used to be so cross when she stayed at Bourton. Never should she forget running along the passage naked, and being sent for by Miss Parry! And Clarissa! oh Clarissa! Sally caught her by the arm.

Clarissa stopped beside them.

"But I can't stay," she said. "I shall come later. Wait," she said, looking at Peter and Sally. They must wait, she meant, until all these people had gone.

"I shall come back," she said, looking at her old friends, Sally and Peter, who were shaking hands, and Sally, remembering the past no doubt, was laughing.

But her voice was wrung of its old ravishing richness; her eyes not aglow as they used to be, when she smoked cigars, when she ran down the passage to fetch her sponge bag, without a stitch of clothing on her, and Ellen Atkins asked, What if the gentlemen had met her? But everybody forgave her. She stole a chicken from the larder because she was hungry in the night; she smoked cigars in her bedroom; she left a priceless book in the punt. But everybody adored her (except perhaps Papa). It was her warmth; her vitality--she would paint, she would write. Old women in the village never to this day forgot to ask after "your friend in the red cloak who seemed so bright." She accused Hugh Whitbread, of all people (and there he was, her old friend Hugh, talking to the Portuguese Ambassador), of kissing her in the smoking-room to punish her for saying that women should have votes. Vulgar men did, she said. And Clarissa remembered having to persuade her not to denounce him at family prayers--which she was capable of doing with her daring, her recklessness, her melodramatic love of being the centre of everything and creating scenes, and it was bound, Clarissa used to think, to end in some awful tragedy; her death; her martyrdom; instead of which she had married, quite unexpectedly, a bald man with a large buttonhole who owned, it was said, cotton mills at Manchester. And she had five boys!

She and Peter had settled down together. They were talking: it seemed so familiar--that they should be talking. They would discuss the past. With the two of them (more even than with Richard) she shared her past; the garden; the trees; old Joseph Breitkopf singing Brahms without any voice; the drawing-room wallpaper; the smell of the mats. A part of this Sally must always be; Peter must always be. But she must leave them. There were the Bradshaws, whom she disliked. She must go up to Lady Bradshaw (in grey and silver, balancing like a sea-lion at the edge of its tank, barking for invitations, Duchesses, the typical successful man's wife), she must go up to Lady Bradshaw and say . . .

But Lady Bradshaw anticipated her.

"We are shockingly late, dear Mrs. Dalloway, we hardly dared to come in," she said.

And Sir William, who looked very distinguished, with his grey hair and blue eyes, said yes; they had not been able to resist the temptation. He was talking to Richard about that Bill probably, which they wanted to get through the Commons. Why did the sight of him, talking to Richard, curl her up? He looked what he was, a great doctor. A man absolutely at the head of his profession, very powerful, rather worn. For think what cases came before him--people in the uttermost depths of misery; people on the verge of insanity; husbands and wives. He had to decide questions of appalling difficulty. Yet--what she felt was, one wouldn't like Sir William to see one unhappy. No; not that man.

"How is your son at Eton?" she asked Lady Bradshaw.

He had just missed his eleven, said Lady Bradshaw, because of the mumps. His father minded even more than he did, she thought "being," she said, "nothing but a great boy himself."

Clarissa looked at Sir William, talking to Richard. He did not look like a boy--not in the least like a boy. She had once gone with some one to ask his advice. He had been perfectly right; extremely sensible. But Heavens--what a relief to get out to the street again! There was some poor wretch sobbing, she remembered, in the waiting-room. But she did not know what it was--about Sir William; what exactly she disliked. Only Richard agreed with her, "didn't like his taste, didn't like his smell." But he was extraordinarily able. They were talking about this Bill. Some case, Sir William was mentioning, lowering his voice. It had its bearing upon what he was saying about the deferred effects of shell shock. There must be some provision in the Bill.

Sinking her voice, drawing Mrs. Dalloway into the shelter of a common femininity, a common pride in the illustrious qualities of husbands and their sad tendency to overwork, Lady Bradshaw (poor goose--one didn't dislike her) murmured how, "just as we were starting, my husband was called up on the telephone, a very sad case. A young man (that is what Sir William is telling Mr. Dalloway) had killed himself. He had been in the army." Oh! thought Clarissa, in the middle of my party, here's death, she thought.

She went on, into the little room where the Prime Minister had gone with Lady Bruton. Perhaps there was somebody there. But there was nobody. The chairs still kept the impress of the Prime Minister and Lady Bruton, she turned deferentially, he sitting four-square, authoritatively. They had been talking about India. There was nobody. The party's splendour fell to the floor, so strange it was to come in alone in her finery.

What business had the Bradshaws to talk of death at her party? A young man had killed himself. And they talked of it at her party--the Bradshaws, talked of death. He had killed himself--but how? Always her body went through it first, when she was told, suddenly, of an accident; her dress flamed, her body burnt. He had thrown himself from a window. Up had flashed the ground; through him, blundering, bruising, went the rusty spikes. There he lay with a thud, thud, thud in his brain, and then a suffocation of blackness. So she saw it. But why had he done it? And the Bradshaws talked of it at her party!

She had once thrown a shilling into the Serpentine, never anything more. But he had flung it away. They went on living (she would have to go back; the rooms were still crowded; people kept on coming). They (all day she had been thinking of Bourton, of Peter, of Sally), they would grow old. A thing there was that mattered; a thing, wreathed about with chatter, defaced, obscured in her own life, let drop every day in corruption, lies, chatter. This he had preserved. Death was defiance. Death was an attempt to communicate; people feeling the impossibility of reaching the centre which, mystically, evaded them; closeness drew apart; rapture faded, one was alone. There was an embrace in death.

But this young man who had killed himself--had he plunged holding his treasure? "If it were now to die, 'twere now to be most happy," she had said to herself once, coming down in white.

Or there were the poets and thinkers. Suppose he had had that passion, and had gone to Sir William Bradshaw, a great doctor yet to her obscurely evil, without sex or lust, extremely polite to women, but capable of some indescribable outrage--forcing your soul, that was it--if this young man had gone to him, and Sir William had impressed him, like that, with his power, might he not then have said (indeed she felt it now), Life is made intolerable; they make life intolerable, men like that?

Then (she had felt it only this morning) there was the terror; the overwhelming incapacity, one's parents giving it into one's hands, this life, to be lived to the end, to be walked with serenely; there was in the depths of her heart an awful fear. Even now, quite often if Richard had not been there reading the Times, so that she could crouch like a bird and gradually revive, send roaring up that immeasurable delight, rubbing stick to stick, one thing with another, she must have perished. But that young man had killed himself.

Somehow it was her disaster--her disgrace. It was her punishment to see sink and disappear here a man, there a woman, in this profound darkness, and she forced to stand here in her evening dress. She had schemed; she had pilfered. She was never wholly admirable. She had wanted success. Lady Bexborough and the rest of it. And once she had walked on the terrace at Bourton.

It was due to Richard; she had never been so happy. Nothing could be slow enough; nothing last too long. No pleasure could equal, she thought, straightening the chairs, pushing in one book on the shelf, this having done with the triumphs of youth, lost herself in the process of living, to find it, with a shock of delight, as the sun rose, as the day sank. Many a time had she gone, at Bourton when they were all talking, to look at the sky; or seen it between people's shoulders at dinner; seen it in London when she could not sleep. She walked to the window.

It held, foolish as the idea was, something of her own in it, this country sky, this sky above Westminster. She parted the curtains; she looked. Oh, but how surprising!--in the room opposite the old lady stared straight at her! She was going to bed. And the sky. It will be a solemn sky, she had thought, it will be a dusky sky, turning away its cheek in beauty. But there it was--ashen pale, raced over quickly by tapering vast clouds. It was new to her. The wind must have risen. She was going to bed, in the room opposite. It was fascinating to watch her, moving about, that old lady, crossing the room, coming to the window. Could she see her? It was fascinating, with people still laughing and shouting in the drawing-room, to watch that old woman, quite quietly, going to bed. She pulled the blind now. The clock began striking. The young man had killed himself; but she did not pity him; with the clock striking the hour, one, two, three, she did not pity him, with all this going on. There! the old lady had put out her light! the whole house was dark now with this going on, she repeated, and the words came to her, Fear no more the heat of the sun. She must go back to them. But what an extraordinary night! She felt somehow very like him--the young man who had killed himself. She felt glad that he had done it; thrown it away. The clock was striking. The leaden circles dissolved in the air. He made her feel the beauty; made her feel the fun. But she must go back. She must assemble. She must find Sally and Peter. And she came in from the little room.

"But where is Clarissa?" said Peter. He was sitting on the sofa with Sally. (After all these years he really could not call her "Lady Rosseter.") "Where's the woman gone to?" he asked. "Where's Clarissa?"

Sally supposed, and so did Peter for the matter of that, that there were people of importance, politicians, whom neither of them knew unless by sight in the picture papers, whom Clarissa had to be nice to, had to talk to. She was with them. Yet there was Richard Dalloway not in the Cabinet. He hadn't been a success, Sally supposed? For herself, she scarcely ever read the papers. She sometimes saw his name mentioned. But then--well, she lived a very solitary life, in the wilds, Clarissa would say, among great merchants, great manufacturers, men, after all, who did things. She had done things too!

"I have five sons!" she told him.

Lord, Lord, what a change had come over her! the softness of motherhood; its egotism too. Last time they met, Peter remembered, had been among the cauliflowers in the moonlight, the leaves "like rough bronze" she had said, with her literary turn; and she had picked a rose. She had marched him up and down that awful night, after the scene by the fountain; he was to catch the midnight train. Heavens, he had wept!

That was his old trick, opening a pocket-knife, thought Sally, always opening and shutting a knife when he got excited. They had been very, very intimate, she and Peter Walsh, when he was in love with Clarissa, and there was that dreadful, ridiculous scene over Richard Dalloway at lunch. She had called Richard "Wickham." Why not call Richard "Wickham"? Clarissa had flared up! and indeed they had never seen each other since, she and Clarissa, not more than half a dozen times perhaps in the last ten years. And Peter Walsh had gone off to India, and she had heard vaguely that he had made an unhappy marriage, and she didn't know whether he had any children, and she couldn't ask him, for he had changed. He was rather shrivelled-looking, but kinder, she felt, and she had a real affection for him, for he was connected with her youth, and she still had a little Emily Bront he had given her, and he was to write, surely? In those days he was to write.

"Have you written?" she asked him, spreading her hand, her firm and shapely hand, on her knee in a way he recalled.

"Not a word!" said Peter Walsh, and she laughed.

She was still attractive, still a personage, Sally Seton. But who was this Rosseter? He wore two camellias on his wedding day--that was all Peter knew of him. "They have myriads of servants, miles of conservatories," Clarissa wrote; something like that. Sally owned it with a shout of laughter.

"Yes, I have ten thousand a year"--whether before the tax was paid or after, she couldn't remember, for her husband, "whom you must meet," she said, "whom you would like," she said, did all that for her.

And Sally used to be in rags and tatters. She had pawned her grandmother's ring which Marie Antoinette had given her great-grandfather to come to Bourton.

Oh yes, Sally remembered; she had it still, a ruby ring which Marie Antoinette had given her great-grandfather. She never had a penny to her name in those days, and going to Bourton always meant some frightful pinch. But going to Bourton had meant so much to her--had kept her sane, she believed, so unhappy had she been at home. But that was all a thing of the past--all over now, she said. And Mr. Parry was dead; and Miss Parry was still alive. Never had he had such a shock in his life! said Peter. He had been quite certain she was dead. And the marriage had been, Sally supposed, a success? And that very handsome, very self-possessed young woman was Elizabeth, over there, by the curtains, in red.

(She was like a poplar, she was like a river, she was like a hyacinth, Willie Titcomb was thinking. Oh how much nicer to be in the country and do what she liked! She could hear her poor dog howling, Elizabeth was certain.) She was not a bit like Clarissa, Peter Walsh said.

"Oh, Clarissa!" said Sally.

What Sally felt was simply this. She had owed Clarissa an enormous amount. They had been friends, not acquaintances, friends, and she still saw Clarissa all in white going about the house with her hands full of flowers--to this day tobacco plants made her think of Bourton. But--did Peter understand?--she lacked something. Lacked what was it? She had charm; she had extraordinary charm. But to be frank (and she felt that Peter was an old friend, a real friend--did absence matter? did distance matter? She had often wanted to write to him, but torn it up, yet felt he understood, for people understand without things being said, as one realises growing old, and old she was, had been that afternoon to see her sons at Eton, where they had the mumps), to be quite frank then, how could Clarissa have done it?--married Richard Dalloway? a sportsman, a man who cared only for dogs. Literally, when he came into the room he smelt of the stables. And then all this? She waved her hand.

Hugh Whitbread it was, strolling past in his white waistcoat, dim, fat, blind, past everything he looked, except self-esteem and comfort.

"He's not going to recognise us," said Sally, and really she hadn't the courage--so that was Hugh! the admirable Hugh!

"And what does he do?" she asked Peter.

He blacked the King's boots or counted bottles at Windsor, Peter told her. Peter kept his sharp tongue still! But Sally must be frank, Peter said. That kiss now, Hugh's.

On the lips, she assured him, in the smoking-room one evening. She went straight to Clarissa in a rage. Hugh didn't do such things! Clarissa said, the admirable Hugh! Hugh's socks were without exception the most beautiful she had ever seen--and now his evening dress. Perfect! And had he children?

"Everybody in the room has six sons at Eton," Peter told her, except himself. He, thank God, had none. No sons, no daughters, no wife. Well, he didn't seem to mind, said Sally. He looked younger, she thought, than any of them.

But it had been a silly thing to do, in many ways, Peter said, to marry like that; "a perfect goose she was," he said, but, he said, "we had a splendid time of it," but how could that be? Sally wondered; what did he mean? and how odd it was to know him and yet not know a single thing that had happened to him. And did he say it out of pride? Very likely, for after all it must be galling for him (though he was an oddity, a sort of sprite, not at all an ordinary man), it must be lonely at his age to have no home, nowhere to go to. But he must stay with them for weeks and weeks. Of course he would; he would love to stay with them, and that was how it came out. All these years the Dalloways had never been once. Time after time they had asked them. Clarissa (for it was Clarissa of course) would not come. For, said Sally, Clarissa was at heart a snob--one had to admit it, a snob. And it was that that was between them, she was convinced. Clarissa thought she had married beneath her, her husband being--she was proud of it--a miner's son. Every penny they had he had earned. As a little boy (her voice trembled) he had carried great sacks.

(And so she would go on, Peter felt, hour after hour; the miner's son; people thought she had married beneath her; her five sons; and what was the other thing--plants, hydrangeas, syringas, very, very rare hibiscus lilies that never grow north of the Suez Canal, but she, with one gardener in a suburb near Manchester, had beds of them, positively beds! Now all that Clarissa had escaped, unmaternal as she was.)

A snob was she? Yes, in many ways. Where was she, all this time? It was getting late.

"Yet," said Sally, "when I heard Clarissa was giving a party, I felt I couldn't not come--must see her again (and I'm staying in Victoria Street, practically next door). So I just came without an invitation. But," she whispered, "tell me, do. Who is this?"

It was Mrs. Hilbery, looking for the door. For how late it was getting! And, she murmured, as the night grew later, as people went, one found old friends; quiet nooks and corners; and the loveliest views. Did they know, she asked, that they were surrounded by an enchanted garden? Lights and trees and wonderful gleaming lakes and the sky. Just a few fairy lamps, Clarissa Dalloway had said, in the back garden! But she was a magician! It was a park. . . . And she didn't know their names, but friends she knew they were, friends without names, songs without words, always the best. But there were so many doors, such unexpected places, she could not find her way.

"Old Mrs. Hilbery," said Peter; but who was that? that lady standing by the curtain all the evening, without speaking? He knew her face; connected her with Bourton. Surely she used to cut up underclothes at the large table in the window? Davidson, was that her name?

"Oh, that is Ellie Henderson," said Sally. Clarissa was really very hard on her. She was a cousin, very poor. Clarissa was hard on people.

She was rather, said Peter. Yet, said Sally, in her emotional way, with a rush of that enthusiasm which Peter used to love her for, yet dreaded a little now, so effusive she might become--how generous to her friends Clarissa was! and what a rare quality one found it, and how sometimes at night or on Christmas Day, when she counted up her blessings, she put that friendship first. They were young; that was it. Clarissa was pure-hearted; that was it. Peter would think her sentimental. So she was. For she had come to feel that it was the only thing worth saying--what one felt. Cleverness was silly. One must say simply what one felt.

"But I do not know," said Peter Walsh, "what I feel."

Poor Peter, thought Sally. Why did not Clarissa come and talk to them? That was what he was longing for. She knew it. All the time he was thinking only of Clarissa, and was fidgeting with his knife.

He had not found life simple, Peter said. His relations with Clarissa had not been simple. It had spoilt his life, he said. (They had been so intimate--he and Sally Seton, it was absurd not to say it.) One could not be in love twice, he said. And what could she say? Still, it is better to have loved (but he would think her sentimental--he used to be so sharp). He must come and stay with them in Manchester. That is all very true, he said. All very true. He would love to come and stay with them, directly he had done what he had to do in London.

And Clarissa had cared for him more than she had ever cared for Richard. Sally was positive of that.

"No, no, no!" said Peter (Sally should not have said that--she went too far). That good fellow--there he was at the end of the room, holding forth, the same as ever, dear old Richard. Who was he talking to? Sally asked, that very distinguished-looking man? Living in the wilds as she did, she had an insatiable curiosity to know who people were. But Peter did not know. He did not like his looks, he said, probably a Cabinet Minister. Of them all, Richard seemed to him the best, he said--the most disinterested.

"But what has he done?" Sally asked. Public work, she supposed. And were they happy together? Sally asked (she herself was extremely happy); for, she admitted, she knew nothing about them, only jumped to conclusions, as one does, for what can one know even of the people one lives with every day? she asked. Are we not all prisoners? She had read a wonderful play about a man who scratched on the wall of his cell, and she had felt that was true of life--one scratched on the wall. Despairing of human relationships (people were so difficult), she often went into her garden and got from her flowers a peace which men and women never gave her. But no; he did not like cabbages; he preferred human beings, Peter said. Indeed, the young are beautiful, Sally said, watching Elizabeth cross the room. How unlike Clarissa at her age! Could he make anything of her? She would not open her lips. Not much, not yet, Peter admitted. She was like a lily, Sally said, a lily by the side of a pool. But Peter did not agree that we know nothing. We know everything, he said; at least he did.

But these two, Sally whispered, these two coming now (and really she must go, if Clarissa did not come soon), this distinguished-looking man and his rather common-looking wife who had been talking to Richard--what could one know about people like that?

"That they're damnable humbugs," said Peter, looking at them casually. He made Sally laugh.

But Sir William Bradshaw stopped at the door to look at a picture. He looked in the corner for the engraver's name. His wife looked too. Sir William Bradshaw was so interested in art.

When one was young, said Peter, one was too much excited to know people. Now that one was old, fifty-two to be precise (Sally was fifty-five, in body, she said, but her heart was like a girl's of twenty); now that one was mature then, said Peter, one could watch, one could understand, and one did not lose the power of feeling, he said. No, that is true, said Sally. She felt more deeply, more passionately, every year. It increased, he said, alas, perhaps, but one should be glad of it--it went on increasing in his experience. There was some one in India. He would like to tell Sally about her. He would like Sally to know her. She was married, he said. She had two small children. They must all come to Manchester, said Sally--he must promise before they left.

There's Elizabeth, he said, she feels not half what we feel, not yet. But, said Sally, watching Elizabeth go to her father, one can see they are devoted to each other. She could feel it by the way Elizabeth went to her father.

For her father had been looking at her, as he stood talking to the Bradshaws, and he had thought to himself, Who is that lovely girl? And suddenly he realised that it was his Elizabeth, and he had not recognised her, she looked so lovely in her pink frock! Elizabeth had felt him looking at her as she talked to Willie Titcomb. So she went to him and they stood together, now that the party was almost over, looking at the people going, and the rooms getting emptier and emptier, with things scattered on the floor. Even Ellie Henderson was going, nearly last of all, though no one had spoken to her, but she had wanted to see everything, to tell Edith. And Richard and Elizabeth were rather glad it was over, but Richard was proud of his daughter. And he had not meant to tell her, but he could not help telling her. He had looked at her, he said, and he had wondered, Who is that lovely girl? and it was his daughter! That did make her happy. But her poor dog was howling.

"Richard has improved. You are right," said Sally. "I shall go and talk to him. I shall say goodnight. What does the brain matter," said Lady Rosseter, getting up, "compared with the heart?"

"I will come," said Peter, but he sat on for a moment. What is this terror? what is this ecstasy? he thought to himself. What is it that fills me with extraordinary excitement?

It is Clarissa, he said.

For there she was.


He--for there could be no doubt of his sex, though the fashion of the time did something to disguise it--was in the act of slicing at the head of a Moor which swung from the rafters. It was the colour of an old football, and more or less the shape of one, save for the sunken cheeks and a strand or two of coarse, dry hair, like the hair on a cocoanut. Orlando's father, or perhaps his grandfather, had struck it from the shoulders of a vast Pagan who had started up under the moon in the barbarian fields of Africa; and now it swung, gently, perpetually, in the breeze which never ceased blowing through the attic rooms of the gigantic house of the lord who had slain him.

Orlando's fathers had ridden in fields of asphodel, and stony fields, and fields watered by strange rivers, and they had struck many heads of many colours off many shoulders, and brought them back to hang from the rafters. So too would Orlando, he vowed. But since he was sixteen only, and too young to ride with them in Africa or France, he would steal away from his mother and the peacocks in the garden and go to his attic room and there lunge and plunge and slice the air with his blade. Sometimes he cut the cord so that the skull bumped on the floor and he had to string it up again, fastening it with some chivalry almost out of reach so that his enemy grinned at him through shrunk, black lips triumphantly. The skull swung to and fro, for the house, at the top of which he lived, was so vast that there seemed trapped in it the wind itself, blowing this way, blowing that way, winter and summer. The green arras with the hunters on it moved perpetually. His fathers had been noble since they had been at all. They came out of the northern mists wearing coronets on their heads. Were not the bars of darkness in the room, and the yellow pools which chequered the floor, made by the sun falling through the stained glass of a vast coat of arms in the window? Orlando stood now in the midst of the yellow body of an heraldic leopard. When he put his hand on the window-sill to push the window open, it was instantly coloured red, blue, and yellow like a butterfly's wing. Thus, those who like symbols, and have a turn for the deciphering of them, might observe that though the shapely legs, the handsome body, and the well-set shoulders were all of them decorated with various tints of heraldic light, Orlando's face, as he threw the window open, was lit solely by the sun itself. A more candid, sullen face it would be impossible to find. Happy the mother who bears, happier still the biographer who records the life of such a one! Never need she vex herself, nor he invoke the help of novelist or poet. From deed to deed, from glory to glory, from office to office he must go, his scribe following after, till they reach whatever seat it may be that is the height of their desire. Orlando, to look at, was cut out precisely for some such career. The red of the cheeks was covered with peach down; the down on the lips was only a little thicker than the down on the cheeks. The lips themselves were short and slightly drawn back over teeth of an exquisite and almond whiteness. Nothing disturbed the arrowy nose in its short, tense flight; the hair was dark, the ears small, and fitted closely to the head. But, alas, that these catalogues of youthful beauty cannot end without mentioning forehead and eyes. Alas, that people are seldom born devoid of all three; for directly we glance at Orlando standing by the window, we must admit that he had eyes like drenched violets, so large that the water seemed to have brimmed in them and widened them; and a brow like the swelling of a marble dome pressed between the two blank medallions which were his temples. Directly we glance at eyes and forehead, thus do we rhapsodize. Directly we glance at eyes and forehead, we have to admit a thousand disagreeables which it is the aim of every good biographer to ignore. Sights disturbed him, like that of his mother, a very beautiful lady in green walking out to feed the peacocks with Twitchett, her maid, behind her; sights exalted him--the birds and the trees; and made him in love with death--the evening sky, the homing rooks; and so, mounting up the spiral stairway into his brain--which was a roomy one--all these sights, and the garden sounds too, the hammer beating, the wood chopping, began that riot and confusion of the passions and emotions which every good biographer detests, But to continue--Orlando slowly drew in his head, sat down at the table, and, with the half-conscious air of one doing what they do every day of their lives at this hour, took out a writing book labelled 'Aethelbert: A Tragedy in Five Acts,' and dipped an old stained goose quill in the ink.

Soon he had covered ten pages and more with poetry. He was fluent, evidently, but he was abstract. Vice, Crime, Misery were the personages of his drama; there were Kings and Queens of impossible territories; horrid plots confounded them; noble sentiments suffused them; there was never a word said as he himself would have said it, but all was turned with a fluency and sweetness which, considering his age--he was not yet seventeen--and that the sixteenth century had still some years of its course to run, were remarkable enough. At last, however, he came to a halt. He was describing, as all young poets are for ever describing, nature, and in order to match the shade of green precisely he looked (and here he showed more audacity than most) at the thing itself, which happened to be a laurel bush growing beneath the window. After that, of course, he could write no more. Green in nature is one thing, green in literature another. Nature and letters seem to have a natural antipathy; bring them together and they tear each other to pieces. The shade of green Orlando now saw spoilt his rhyme and split his metre. Moreover, nature has tricks of her own. Once look out of a window at bees among flowers, at a yawning dog, at the sun setting, once think 'how many more suns shall I see set', etc. etc. (the thought is too well known to be worth writing out) and one drops the pen, takes one's cloak, strides out of the room, and catches one's foot on a painted chest as one does so. For Orlando was a trifle clumsy.

He was careful to avoid meeting anyone. There was Stubbs, the gardener, coming along the path. He hid behind a tree till he had passed. He let himself out at a little gate in the garden wall. He skirted all stables, kennels, breweries, carpenters' shops, washhouses, places where they make tallow candles, kill oxen, forge horse-shoes, stitch jerkins--for the house was a town ringing with men at work at their various crafts--and gained the ferny path leading uphill through the park unseen. There is perhaps a kinship among qualities; one draws another along with it; and the biographer should here call attention to the fact that this clumsiness is often mated with a love of solitude. Having stumbled over a chest, Orlando naturally loved solitary places, vast views, and to feel himself for ever and ever and ever alone.

So, after a long silence, 'I am alone', he breathed at last, opening his lips for the first time in this record. He had walked very quickly uphill through ferns and hawthorn bushes, startling deer and wild birds, to a place crowned by a single oak tree. It was very high, so high indeed that nineteen English counties could be seen beneath; and on clear days thirty or perhaps forty, if the weather was very fine. Sometimes one could see the English Channel, wave reiterating upon wave. Rivers could be seen and pleasure boats gliding on them; and galleons setting out to sea; and armadas with puffs of smoke from which came the dull thud of cannon firing; and forts on the coast; and castles among the meadows; and here a watch tower; and there a fortress; and again some vast mansion like that of Orlando's father, massed like a town in the valley circled by walls. To the east there were the spires of London and the smoke of the city; and perhaps on the very sky line, when the wind was in the right quarter, the craggy top and serrated edges of Snowdon herself showed mountainous among the clouds. For a moment Orlando stood counting, gazing, recognizing. That was his father's house; that his uncle's. His aunt owned those three great turrets among the trees there. The heath was theirs and the forest; the pheasant and the deer, the fox, the badger, and the butterfly.

He sighed profoundly, and flung himself--there was a passion in his movements which deserves the word--on the earth at the foot of the oak tree. He loved, beneath all this summer transiency, to feel the earth's spine beneath him; for such he took the hard root of the oak tree to be; or, for image followed image, it was the back of a great horse that he was riding, or the deck of a tumbling ship--it was anything indeed, so long as it was hard, for he felt the need of something which he could attach his floating heart to; the heart that tugged at his side; the heart that seemed filled with spiced and amorous gales every evening about this time when he walked out. To the oak tree he tied it and as he lay there, gradually the flutter in and about him stilled itself; the little leaves hung, the deer stopped; the pale summer clouds stayed; his limbs grew heavy on the ground; and he lay so still that by degrees the deer stepped nearer and the rooks wheeled round him and the swallows dipped and circled and the dragonflies shot past, as if all the fertility and amorous activity of a summer's evening were woven web-like about his body.

After an hour or so--the sun was rapidly sinking, the white clouds had turned red, the hills were violet, the woods purple, the valleys black--a trumpet sounded. Orlando leapt to his feet. The shrill sound came from the valley. It came from a dark spot down there; a spot compact and mapped out; a maze; a town, yet girt about with walls; it came from the heart of his own great house in the valley, which, dark before, even as he looked and the single trumpet duplicated and reduplicated itself with other shriller sounds, lost its darkness and became pierced with lights. Some were small hurrying lights, as if servants dashed along corridors to answer summonses; others were high and lustrous lights, as if they burnt in empty banqueting-halls made ready to receive guests who had not come; and others dipped and waved and sank and rose, as if held in the hands of troops of serving men, bending, kneeling, rising, receiving, guarding, and escorting with all dignity indoors a great Princess alighting from her chariot. Coaches turned and wheeled in the courtyard. Horses tossed their plumes. The Queen had come.

Orlando looked no more. He dashed downhill. He let himself in at a wicket gate. He tore up the winding staircase. He reached his room. He tossed his stockings to one side of the room, his jerkin to the other. He dipped his head. He scoured his hands. He pared his finger nails. With no more than six inches of looking-glass and a pair of old candles to help him, he had thrust on crimson breeches, lace collar, waistcoat of taffeta, and shoes with rosettes on them as big as double dahlias in less than ten minutes by the stable clock. He was ready. He was flushed. He was excited, But he was terribly late.

By short cuts known to him, he made his way now through the vast congeries of rooms and staircases to the banqueting-hall, five acres distant on the other side of the house. But half-way there, in the back quarters where the servants lived, he stopped. The door of Mrs Stewkley's sitting-room stood open--she was gone, doubtless, with all her keys to wait upon her mistress. But there, sitting at the servant's dinner table with a tankard beside him and paper in front of him, sat a rather fat, shabby man, whose ruff was a thought dirty, and whose clothes were of hodden brown. He held a pen in his hand, but he was not writing. He seemed in the act of rolling some thought up and down, to and fro in his mind till it gathered shape or momentum to his liking. His eyes, globed and clouded like some green stone of curious texture, were fixed. He did not see Orlando. For all his hurry, Orlando stopped dead. Was this a poet? Was he writing poetry? 'Tell me', he wanted to say, 'everything in the whole world'--for he had the wildest, most absurd, extravagant ideas about poets and poetry--but how speak to a man who does not see you? who sees ogres, satyrs, perhaps the depths of the sea instead? So Orlando stood gazing while the man turned his pen in his fingers, this way and that way; and gazed and mused; and then, very quickly, wrote half-a-dozen lines and looked up. Whereupon Orlando, overcome with shyness, darted off and reached the banqueting-hall only just in time to sink upon his knees and, hanging his head in confusion, to offer a bowl of rose water to the great Queen herself.

Such was his shyness that he saw no more of her than her ringed hands in water; but it was enough. It was a memorable hand; a thin hand with long fingers always curling as if round orb or sceptre; a nervous, crabbed, sickly hand; a commanding hand too; a hand that had only to raise itself for a head to fall; a hand, he guessed, attached to an old body that smelt like a cupboard in which furs are kept in camphor; which body was yet caparisoned in all sorts of brocades and gems; and held itself very upright though perhaps in pain from sciatica; and never flinched though strung together by a thousand fears; and the Queen's eyes were light yellow. All this he felt as the great rings flashed in the water and then something pressed his hair--which, perhaps, accounts for his seeing nothing more likely to be of use to a historian. And in truth, his mind was such a welter of opposites--of the night and the blazing candles, of the shabby poet and the great Queen, of silent fields and the clatter of serving men--that he could see nothing; or only a hand.

By the same showing, the Queen herself can have seen only a head. But if it is possible from a hand to deduce a body, informed with all the attributes of a great Queen, her crabbedness, courage, frailty, and terror, surely a head can be as fertile, looked down upon from a chair of state by a lady whose eyes were always, if the waxworks at the Abbey are to be trusted, wide open. The long, curled hair, the dark head bent so reverently, so innocently before her, implied a pair of the finest legs that a young nobleman has ever stood upright upon; and violet eyes; and a heart of gold; and loyalty and manly charm--all qualities which the old woman loved the more the more they failed her. For she was growing old and worn and bent before her time. The sound of cannon was always in her ears. She saw always the glistening poison drop and the long stiletto. As she sat at table she listened; she heard the guns in the Channel; she dreaded--was that a curse, was that a whisper? Innocence, simplicity, were all the more dear to her for the dark background she set them against. And it was that same night, so tradition has it, when Orlando was sound asleep, that she made over formally, putting her hand and seal finally to the parchment, the gift of the great monastic house that had been the Archbishop's and then the King's to Orlando's father.

Orlando slept all night in ignorance. He had been kissed by a queen without knowing it. And perhaps, for women's hearts are intricate, it was his ignorance and the start he gave when her lips touched him that kept the memory of her young cousin (for they had blood in common) green in her mind. At any rate, two years of this quiet country life had not passed, and Orlando had written no more perhaps than twenty tragedies and a dozen histories and a score of sonnets when a message came that he was to attend the Queen at Whitehall.

'Here', she said, watching him advance down the long gallery towards her, 'comes my innocent!' (There was a serenity about him always which had the look of innocence when, technically, the word was no longer applicable.)

'Come!' she said. She was sitting bolt upright beside the fire. And she held him a foot's pace from her and looked him up and down. Was she matching her speculations the other night with the truth now visible? Did she find her guesses justified? Eyes, mouth, nose, breast, hips, hands--she ran them over; her lips twitched visibly as she looked; but when she saw his legs she laughed out loud. He was the very image of a noble gentleman. But inwardly? She flashed her yellow hawk's eyes upon him as if she would pierce his soul. The young man withstood her gaze blushing only a damask rose as became him. Strength, grace, romance, folly, poetry, youth--she read him like a page. Instantly she plucked a ring from her finger (the joint was swollen rather) and as she fitted it to his, named him her Treasurer and Steward; next hung about him chains of office; and bidding him bend his knee, tied round it at the slenderest part the jewelled order of the Garter. Nothing after that was denied him. When she drove in state he rode at her carriage door. She sent him to Scotland on a sad embassy to the unhappy Queen. He was about to sail for the Polish wars when she recalled him. For how could she bear to think of that tender flesh torn and that curly head rolled in the dust? She kept him with her. At the height of her triumph when the guns were booming at the Tower and the air was thick enough with gunpowder to make one sneeze and the huzzas of the people rang beneath the windows, she pulled him down among the cushions where her women had laid her (she was so worn and old) and made him bury his face in that astonishing composition--she had not changed her dress for a month--which smelt for all the world, he thought, recalling his boyish memory, like some old cabinet at home where his mother's furs were stored. He rose, half suffocated from the embrace. 'This', she breathed, 'is my victory!'--even as a rocket roared up and dyed her cheeks scarlet.

For the old woman loved him. And the Queen, who knew a man when she saw one, though not, it is said, in the usual way, plotted for him a splendid ambitious career. Lands were given him, houses assigned him. He was to be the son of her old age; the limb of her infirmity; the oak tree on which she leant her degradation. She croaked out these promises and strange domineering tendernesses (they were at Richmond now) sitting bolt upright in her stiff brocades by the fire which, however high they piled it, never kept her warm.

Meanwhile, the long winter months drew on. Every tree in the Park was lined with frost. The river ran sluggishly. One day when the snow was on the ground and the dark panelled rooms were full of shadows and the stags were barking in the Park, she saw in the mirror, which she kept for fear of spies always by her, through the door, which she kept for fear of murderers always open, a boy--could it be Orlando?--kissing a girl--who in the Devil's name was the brazen hussy? Snatching at her golden-hilted sword she struck violently at the mirror. The glass crashed; people came running; she was lifted and set in her chair again; but she was stricken after that and groaned much, as her days wore to an end, of man's treachery.

It was Orlando's fault perhaps; yet, after all, are we to blame Orlando? The age was the Elizabethan; their morals were not ours; nor their poets; nor their climate; nor their vegetables even. Everything was different. The weather itself, the heat and cold of summer and winter, was, we may believe, of another temper altogether. The brilliant amorous day was divided as sheerly from the night as land from water. Sunsets were redder and more intense; dawns were whiter and more auroral. Of our crepuscular half-lights and lingering twilights they knew nothing. The rain fell vehemently, or not at all. The sun blazed or there was darkness. Translating this to the spiritual regions as their wont is, the poets sang beautifully how roses fade and petals fall. The moment is brief they sang; the moment is over; one long night is then to be slept by all. As for using the artifices of the greenhouse or conservatory to prolong or preserve these fresh pinks and roses, that was not their way. The withered intricacies and ambiguities of our more gradual and doubtful age were unknown to them. Violence was all. The flower bloomed and faded. The sun rose and sank. The lover loved and went. And what the poets said in rhyme, the young translated into practice. Girls were roses, and their seasons were short as the flowers'. Plucked they must be before nightfall; for the day was brief and the day was all. Thus, if Orlando followed the leading of the climate, of the poets, of the age itself, and plucked his flower in the window-seat even with the snow on the ground and the Queen vigilant in the corridor we can scarcely bring ourselves to blame him. He was young; he was boyish; he did but as nature bade him do. As for the girl, we know no more than Queen Elizabeth herself did what her name was. It may have been Doris, Chloris, Delia, or Diana, for he made rhymes to them all in turn; equally, she may have been a court lady, or some serving maid. For Orlando's taste was broad; he was no lover of garden flowers only; the wild and the weeds even had always a fascination for him.

Here, indeed, we lay bare rudely, as a biographer may, a curious trait in him, to be accounted for, perhaps, by the fact that a certain grandmother of his had worn a smock and carried milkpails. Some grains of the Kentish or Sussex earth were mixed with the thin, fine fluid which came to him from Normandy. He held that the mixture of brown earth and blue blood was a good one. Certain it is that he had always a liking for low company, especially for that of lettered people whose wits so often keep them under, as if there were the sympathy of blood between them. At this season of his life, when his head brimmed with rhymes and he never went to bed without striking off some conceit, the cheek of an innkeeper's daughter seemed fresher and the wit of a gamekeeper's niece seemed quicker than those of the ladies at Court. Hence, he began going frequently to Wapping Old Stairs and the beer gardens at night, wrapped in a grey cloak to hide the star at his neck and the garter at his knee. There, with a mug before him, among the sanded alleys and bowling greens and all the simple architecture of such places, he listened to sailors' stories of hardship and horror and cruelty on the Spanish main; how some had lost their toes, others their noses--for the spoken story was never so rounded or so finely coloured as the written. Especially he loved to hear them volley forth their songs of 'the Azores, while the parrakeets, which they had brought from those parts, pecked at the rings in their ears, tapped with their hard acquisitive beaks at the rubies on their fingers, and swore as vilely as their masters. The women were scarcely less bold in their speech and less free in their manner than the birds. They perched on his knee, flung their arms round his neck and, guessing that something out of the common lay hid beneath his duffle cloak, were quite as eager to come at the truth of the matter as Orlando himself.

Nor was opportunity lacking. The river was astir early and late with barges, wherries, and craft of all description. Every day sailed to sea some fine ship bound for the Indies; now and again another blackened and ragged with hairy men on board crept painfully to anchor. No one missed a boy or girl if they dallied a little on the water after sunset; or raised an eyebrow if gossip had seen them sleeping soundly among the treasure sacks safe in each other's arms. Such indeed was the adventure that befel Orlando, Sukey, and the Earl of Cumberland. The day was hot; their loves had been active; they had fallen asleep among the rubies. Late that night the Earl, whose fortunes were much bound up in the Spanish ventures, came to check the booty alone with a lantern. He flashed the light on a barrel. He started back with an oath. Twined about the cask two spirits lay sleeping. Superstitious by nature, and his conscience laden with many a crime, the Earl took the couple--they were wrapped in a red cloak, and Sukey's bosom was almost as white as the eternal snows of Orlando's poetry--for a phantom sprung from the graves of drowned sailors to upbraid him. He crossed himself. He vowed repentance. The row of alms houses still standing in the Sheen Road is the visible fruit of that moment's panic. Twelve poor old women of the parish today drink tea and tonight bless his Lordship for a roof above their heads; so that illicit love in a treasure ship--but we omit the moral.

Soon, however, Orlando grew tired, not only of the discomfort of this way of life, and of the crabbed streets of the neighbourhood, but of the primitive manner of the people. For it has to be remembered that crime and poverty had none of the attraction for the Elizabethans that they have for us. They had none of our modern shame of book learning; none of our belief that to be born the son of a butcher is a blessing and to be unable to read a virtue; no fancy that what we call 'life' and 'reality' are somehow connected with ignorance and brutality; nor, indeed, any equivalent for these two words at all. It was not to seek 'life' that Orlando went among them; not in quest of 'reality' that he left them. But when he had heard a score of times how Jakes had lost his nose and Sukey her honour--and they told the stories admirably, it must be admitted--he began to be a little weary of the repetition, for a nose can only be cut off in one way and maidenhood lost in another--or so it seemed to him--whereas the arts and the sciences had a diversity about them which stirred his curiosity profoundly. So, always keeping them in happy memory, he left off frequenting the beer gardens and the skittle alleys, hung his grey cloak in his wardrobe, let his star shine at his neck and his garter twinkle at his knee, and appeared once more at the Court of King James. He was young, he was rich, he was handsome. No one could have been received with greater acclamation than he was.

It is certain indeed that many ladies were ready to show him their favours. The names of three at least were freely coupled with his in marriage--Clorinda, Favilla, Euphrosyne--so he called them in his sonnets.

To take them in order; Clorinda was a sweet-mannered gentle lady enough;--indeed Orlando was greatly taken with her for six months and a half; but she had white eyelashes and could not bear the sight of blood. A hare brought up roasted at her father's table turned her faint. She was much under the influence of the Priests too, and stinted her underlinen in order to give to the poor. She took it on her to reform Orlando of his sins, which sickened him, so that he drew back from the marriage, and did not much regret it when she died soon after of the small-pox.

Favilla, who comes next, was of a different sort altogether. She was the daughter of a poor Somersetshire gentleman; who, by sheer assiduity and the use of her eyes had worked her way up at court, where her address in horsemanship, her fine instep, and her grace in dancing won the admiration of all. Once, however, she was so ill-advised as to whip a spaniel that had torn one of her silk stockings (and it must be said in justice that Favilla had few stockings and those for the most part of drugget) within an inch of its life beneath Orlando's window. Orlando, who was a passionate lover of animals, now noticed that her teeth were crooked, and the two front turned inward, which, he said, is a sure sign of a perverse and cruel disposition in women, and so broke the engagement that very night for ever.

The third, Euphrosyne, was by far the most serious of his flames. She was by birth one of the Irish Desmonds and had therefore a family tree of her own as old and deeply rooted as Orlando's itself. She was fair, florid, and a trifle phlegmatic. She spoke Italian well, had a perfect set of teeth in the upper jaw, though those on the lower were slightly discoloured. She was never without a whippet or spaniel at her knee; fed them with white bread from her own plate; sang sweetly to the virginals; and was never dressed before mid-day owing to the extreme care she took of her person. In short, she would have made a perfect wife for such a nobleman as Orlando, and matters had gone so far that the lawyers on both sides were busy with covenants, jointures, settlements, messuages, tenements, and whatever is needed before one great fortune can mate with another when, with the suddenness and severity that then marked the English climate, came the Great Frost.

The Great Frost was, historians tell us, the most severe that has ever visited these islands. Birds froze in mid-air and fell like stones to the ground. At Norwich a young countrywoman started to cross the road in her usual robust health and was seen by the onlookers to turn visibly to powder and be blown in a puff of dust over the roofs as the icy blast struck her at the street corner. The mortality among sheep and cattle was enormous. Corpses froze and could not be drawn from the sheets. It was no uncommon sight to come upon a whole herd of swine frozen immovable upon the road. The fields were full of shepherds, ploughmen, teams of horses, and little bird-scaring boys all struck stark in the act of the moment, one with his hand to his nose, another with the bottle to his lips, a third with a stone raised to throw at the ravens who sat, as if stuffed, upon the hedge within a yard of him. The severity of the frost was so extraordinary that a kind of petrifaction sometimes ensued; and it was commonly supposed that the great increase of rocks in some parts of Derbyshire was due to no eruption, for there was none, but to the solidification of unfortunate wayfarers who had been turned literally to stone where they stood. The Church could give little help in the matter, and though some landowners had these relics blessed, the most part preferred to use them either as landmarks, scratching-posts for sheep, or, when the form of the stone allowed, drinking troughs for cattle, which purposes they serve, admirably for the most part, to this day.

But while the country people suffered the extremity of want, and the trade of the country was at a standstill, London enjoyed a carnival of the utmost brilliancy. The Court was at Greenwich, and the new King seized the opportunity that his coronation gave him to curry favour with the citizens. He directed that the river, which was frozen to a depth of twenty feet and more for six or seven miles on either side, should be swept, decorated and given all the semblance of a park or pleasure ground, with arbours, mazes, alleys, drinking booths, etc. at his expense. For himself and the courtiers, he reserved a certain space immediately opposite the Palace gates; which, railed off from the public only by a silken rope, became at once the centre of the most brilliant society in England. Great statesmen, in their beards and ruffs, despatched affairs of state under the crimson awning of the Royal Pagoda. Soldiers planned the conquest of the Moor and the downfall of the Turk in striped arbours surmounted by plumes of ostrich feathers. Admirals strode up and down the narrow pathways, glass in hand, sweeping the horizon and telling stories of the north-west passage and the Spanish Armada. Lovers dallied upon divans spread with sables. Frozen roses fell in showers when the Queen and her ladies walked abroad. Coloured balloons hovered motionless in the air. Here and there burnt vast bonfires of cedar and oak wood, lavishly salted, so that the flames were of green, orange, and purple fire. But however fiercely they burnt, the heat was not enough to melt the ice which, though of singular transparency, was yet of the hardness of steel. So clear indeed was it that there could be seen, congealed at a depth of several feet, here a porpoise, there a flounder. Shoals of eels lay motionless in a trance, but whether their state was one of death or merely of suspended animation which the warmth would revive puzzled the philosophers. Near London Bridge, where the river had frozen to a depth of some twenty fathoms, a wrecked wherry boat was plainly visible, lying on the bed of the river where it had sunk last autumn, overladen with apples. The old bumboat woman, who was carrying her fruit to market on the Surrey side, sat there in her plaids and farthingales with her lap full of apples, for all the world as if she were about to serve a customer, though a certain blueness about the lips hinted the truth. 'Twas a sight King James specially liked to look upon, and he would bring a troupe of courtiers to gaze with him. In short, nothing could exceed the brilliancy and gaiety of the scene by day. But it was at night that the carnival was at its merriest. For the frost continued unbroken; the nights were of perfect stillness; the moon and stars blazed with the hard fixity of diamonds, and to the fine music of flute and trumpet the courtiers danced.

Orlando, it is true, was none of those who tread lightly the corantoe and lavolta; he was clumsy and a little absentminded. He much preferred the plain dances of his own country, which he danced as a child to these fantastic foreign measures. He had indeed just brought his feet together about six in the evening of the seventh of January at the finish of some such quadrille or minuet when he beheld, coming from the pavilion of the Muscovite Embassy, a figure, which, whether boy's or woman's, for the loose tunic and trousers of the Russian fashion served to disguise the sex, filled him with the highest curiosity. The person, whatever the name or sex, was about middle height, very slenderly fashioned, and dressed entirely in oyster-coloured velvet, trimmed with some unfamiliar greenish-coloured fur. But these details were obscured by the extraordinary seductiveness which issued from the whole person. Images, metaphors of the most extreme and extravagant twined and twisted in his mind. He called her a melon, a pineapple, an olive tree, an emerald, and a fox in the snow all in the space of three seconds; he did not know whether he had heard her, tasted her, seen her, or all three together. (For though we must pause not a moment in the narrative we may here hastily note that all his images at this time were simple in the extreme to match his senses and were mostly taken from things he had liked the taste of as a boy. But if his senses were simple they were at the same time extremely strong. To pause therefore and seek the reasons of things is out of the question.)...A melon, an emerald, a fox in the snow--so he raved, so he stared. When the boy, for alas, a boy it must be--no woman could skate with such speed and vigour--swept almost on tiptoe past him, Orlando was ready to tear his hair with vexation that the person was of his own sex, and thus all embraces were out of the question. But the skater came closer. Legs, hands, carriage, were a boy's, but no boy ever had a mouth like that; no boy had those breasts; no boy had eyes which looked as if they had been fished from the bottom of the sea. Finally, coming to a stop and sweeping a curtsey with the utmost grace to the King, who was shuffling past on the arm of some Lord-in-waiting, the unknown skater came to a standstill. She was not a handsbreadth off. She was a woman. Orlando stared; trembled; turned hot; turned cold; longed to hurl himself through the summer air; to crush acorns beneath his feet; to toss his arm with the beech trees and the oaks. As it was, he drew his lips up over his small white teeth; opened them perhaps half an inch as if to bite; shut them as if he had bitten. The Lady Euphrosyne hung upon his arm.

The stranger's name, he found, was the Princess Marousha Stanilovska Dagmar Natasha Iliana Romanovitch, and she had come in the train of the Muscovite Ambassador, who was her uncle perhaps, or perhaps her father, to attend the coronation. Very little was known of the Muscovites. In their great beards and furred hats they sat almost silent; drinking some black liquid which they spat out now and then upon the ice. None spoke English, and French with which some at least were familiar was then little spoken at the English Court.

It was through this accident that Orlando and the Princess became acquainted. They were seated opposite each other at the great table spread under a huge awning for the entertainment of the notables. The Princess was placed between two young Lords, one Lord Francis Vere and the other the young Earl of Moray. It was laughable to see the predicament she soon had them in, for though both were fine lads in their way, the babe unborn had as much knowledge of the French tongue as they had. When at the beginning of dinner the Princess turned to the Earl and said, with a grace which ravished his heart, 'Je crois avoir fait la connaissance d'un gentilhomme qui vous etait apparente en Pologne l'ete dernier,' or 'La beaute des dames de la cour d'Angleterre me met dans le ravissement. On ne peut voir une dame plus gracieuse que votre reine, ni une coiffure plus belle que la sienne,' both Lord Francis and the Earl showed the highest embarrassment. The one helped her largely to horse-radish sauce, the other whistled to his dog and made him beg for a marrow bone. At this the Princess could no longer contain her laughter, and Orlando, catching her eyes across the boars' heads and stuffed peacocks, laughed too. He laughed, but the laugh on his lips froze in wonder. Whom had he loved, what had he loved, he asked himself in a tumult of emotion, until now? An old woman, he answered, all skin and bone. Red-cheeked trulls too many to mention. A puling nun. A hard-bitten cruel-mouthed adventuress. A nodding mass of lace and ceremony. Love had meant to him nothing but sawdust and cinders. The joys he had had of it tasted insipid in the extreme. He marvelled how he could have gone through with it without yawning. For as he looked the thickness of his blood melted; the ice turned to wine in his veins; he heard the waters flowing and the birds singing; spring broke over the hard wintry landscape; his manhood woke; he grasped a sword in his hand; he charged a more daring foe than Pole or Moor; he dived in deep water; he saw the flower of danger growing in a crevice; he stretched his hand--in fact he was rattling off one of his most impassioned sonnets when the Princess addressed him, 'Would you have the goodness to pass the salt?'

He blushed deeply.

'With all the pleasure in the world, Madame,' he replied, speaking French with a perfect accent. For, heaven be praised, he spoke the tongue as his own; his mother's maid had taught him. Yet perhaps it would have been better for him had he never learnt that tongue; never answered that voice; never followed the light of those eyes...

The Princess continued. Who were those bumpkins, she asked him, who sat beside her with the manners of stablemen? What was the nauseating mixture they had poured on her plate? Did the dogs eat at the same table with the men in England? Was that figure of fun at the end of the table with her hair rigged up like a Maypole (comme une grande perche mal fagotee) really the Queen? And did the King always slobber like that? And which of those popinjays was George Villiers? Though these questions rather discomposed Orlando at first, they were put with such archness and drollery that he could not help but laugh; and he saw from the blank faces of the company that nobody understood a word, he answered her as freely as she asked him, speaking, as she did, in perfect French.

Thus began an intimacy between the two which soon became the scandal of the Court.

Soon it was observed Orlando paid the Muscovite far more attention than mere civility demanded. He was seldom far from her side, and their conversation, though unintelligible to the rest, was carried on with such animation, provoked such blushes and laughter, that the dullest could guess the subject. Moreover, the change in Orlando himself was extraordinary. Nobody had ever seen him so animated. In one night he had thrown off his boyish clumsiness; he was changed from a sulky stripling, who could not enter a ladies' room without sweeping half the ornaments from the table, to a nobleman, full of grace and manly courtesy. To see him hand the Muscovite (as she was called) to her sledge, or offer her his hand for the dance, or catch the spotted kerchief which she had let drop, or discharge any other of those manifold duties which the supreme lady exacts and the lover hastens to anticipate was a sight to kindle the dull eyes of age, and to make the quick pulse of youth beat faster. Yet over it all hung a cloud. The old men shrugged their shoulders. The young tittered between their fingers. All knew that a Orlando was betrothed to another. The Lady Margaret O'Brien O'Dare O'Reilly Tyrconnel (for that was the proper name of Euphrosyne of the Sonnets) wore Orlando's splendid sapphire on the second finger of her left hand. It was she who had the supreme right to his attentions. Yet she might drop all the handkerchiefs in her wardrobe (of which she had many scores) upon the ice and Orlando never stooped to pick them up. She might wait twenty minutes for him to hand her to her sledge, and in the end have to be content with the services of her Blackamoor. When she skated, which she did rather clumsily, no one was at her elbow to encourage her, and, if she fell, which she did rather heavily, no one raised her to her feet and dusted the snow from her petticoats. Although she was naturally phlegmatic, slow to take offence, and more reluctant than most people to believe that a mere foreigner could oust her from Orlando's affections, still even the Lady Margaret herself was brought at last to suspect that something was brewing against her peace of mind.

Indeed, as the days passed, Orlando took less and less care to hide his feelings. Making some excuse or other, he would leave the company as soon as they had dined, or steal away from the skaters, who were forming sets for a quadrille. Next moment it would be seen that the Muscovite was missing too. But what most outraged the Court, and stung it in its tenderest part, which is its vanity, was that the couple was often seen to slip under the silken rope, which railed off the Royal enclosure from the public part of the river and to disappear among the crowd of common people. For suddenly the Princess would stamp her foot and cry, 'Take me away. I detest your English mob,' by which she meant the English Court itself. She could stand it no longer. It was full of prying old women, she said, who stared in one's face, and of bumptious young men who trod on one's toes. They smelt bad. Their dogs ran between her legs. It was like being in a cage. In Russia they had rivers ten miles broad on which one could gallop six horses abreast all day long without meeting a soul. Besides, she wanted to see the Tower, the Beefeaters, the Heads on Temple Bar, and the jewellers' shops in the city. Thus, it came about that Orlando took her into the city, showed her the Beefeaters and the rebels' heads, and bought her whatever took her fancy in the Royal Exchange. But this was not enough. Each increasingly desired the other's company in privacy all day long where there were none to marvel or to stare. Instead of taking the road to London, therefore, they turned the other way about and were soon beyond the crowd among the frozen reaches of the Thames where, save for sea birds and some old country woman hacking at the ice in a vain attempt to draw a pailful of water or gathering what sticks or dead leaves she could find for firing, not a living soul ever came their way. The poor kept closely to their cottages, and the better sort, who could afford it, crowded for warmth and merriment to the city.

Hence, Orlando and Sasha, as he called her for short, and because it was the name of a white Russian fox he had had as a boy--a creature soft as snow, but with teeth of steel, which bit him so savagely that his father had it killed--hence, they had the river to themselves. Hot with skating and with love they would throw themselves down in some solitary reach, where the yellow osiers fringed the bank, and wrapped in a great fur cloak Orlando would take her in his arms, and know, for the first time, he murmured, the delights of love. Then, when the ecstasy was over and they lay lulled in a swoon on the ice, he would tell her of his other loves, and how, compared with her, they had been of wood, of sackcloth, and of cinders. And laughing at his vehemence, she would turn once more in his arms and give him for love's sake, one more embrace. And then they would marvel that the ice did not melt with their heat, and pity the poor old woman who had no such natural means of thawing it, but must hack at it with a chopper of cold steel. And then, wrapped in their sables, they would talk of everything under the sun; of sights and travels; of Moor and Pagan; of this man's beard and that woman's skin; of a rat that fed from her hand at table; of the arras that moved always in the hall at home; of a face; of a feather. Nothing was too small for such converse, nothing was too great.

Then suddenly, Orlando would fall into one of his moods of melancholy; the sight of the old woman hobbling over the ice might be the cause of it, or nothing; and would fling himself face downwards on the ice and look into the frozen waters and think of death. For the philosopher is right who says that nothing thicker than a knife's blade separates happiness from melancholy; and he goes on to opine that one is twin fellow to the other; and draws from this the conclusion that all extremes of feeling are allied to madness; and so bids us take refuge in the true Church (in his view the Anabaptist), which is the only harbour, port, anchorage, etc., he said, for those tossed on this sea.

'All ends in death,' Orlando would say, sitting upright, his face clouded with gloom. (For that was the way his mind worked now, in violent see-saws from life to death, stopping at nothing in between, so that the biographer must not stop either, but must fly as fast as he can and so keep pace with the unthinking passionate foolish actions and sudden extravagant words in which, it is impossible to deny, Orlando at this time of his life indulged.)

'All ends in death,' Orlando would say, sitting upright on the ice. But Sasha who after all had no English blood in her but was from Russia where the sunsets are longer, the dawns less sudden, and sentences often left unfinished from doubt as to how best to end them--Sasha stared at him, perhaps sneered at him, for he must have seemed a child to her, and said nothing. But at length the ice grew cold beneath them, which she disliked, so pulling him to his feet again, she talked so enchantingly, so wittily, so wisely (but unfortunately always in French, which notoriously loses its flavour in translation) that he forgot the frozen waters or night coming or the old woman or whatever it was, and would try to tell her--plunging and splashing among a thousand images which had gone as stale as the women who inspired them--what she was like. Snow, cream, marble, cherries, alabaster, golden wire? None of these. She was like a fox, or an olive tree; like the waves of the sea when you look down upon them from a height; like an emerald; like the sun on a green hill which is yet clouded--like nothing he had seen or known in England. Ransack the language as he might, words failed him. He wanted another landscape, and another tongue. English was too frank, too candid, too honeyed a speech for Sasha. For in all she said, however open she seemed and voluptuous, there was something hidden; in all she did, however daring, there was something concealed. So the green flame seems hidden in the emerald, or the sun prisoned in a hill. The clearness was only outward; within was a wandering flame. It came; it went; she never shone with the steady beam of an Englishwoman--here, however, remembering the Lady Margaret and her petticoats, Orlando ran wild in his transports and swept her over the ice, faster, faster, vowing that he would chase the flame, dive for the gem, and so on and so on, the words coming on the pants of his breath with the passion of a poet whose poetry is half pressed out of him by pain.

But Sasha was silent. When Orlando had done telling her that she was a fox, an olive tree, or a green hill-top, and had given her the whole history of his family; how their house was one of the most ancient in Britain; how they had come from Rome with the Caesars and had the right to walk down the Corso (which is the chief street in Rome) under a tasselled palanquin, which he said is a privilege reserved only for those of imperial blood (for there was an orgulous credulity about him which was pleasant enough), he would pause and ask her, Where was her own house? What was her father? Had she brothers? Why was she here alone with her uncle? Then, somehow, though she answered readily enough, an awkwardness would come between them. He suspected at first that her rank was not as high as she would like; or that she was ashamed of the savage ways of her people, for he had heard that the women in Muscovy wear beards and the men are covered with fur from the waist down; that both sexes are smeared with tallow to keep the cold out, tear meat with their fingers and live in huts where an English noble would scruple to keep his cattle; so that he forebore to press her. But on reflection, he concluded that her silence could not be for that reason; she herself was entirely free from hair on the chin; she dressed in velvet and pearls, and her manners were certainly not those of a woman bred in a cattle-shed.

What, then, did she hide from him? The doubt underlying the tremendous force of his feelings was like a quicksand beneath a monument which shifts suddenly and makes the whole pile shake. The agony would seize him suddenly. Then he would blaze out in such wrath that she did not know how to quiet him. Perhaps she did not want to quiet him; perhaps his rages pleased her and she provoked them purposely--such is the curious obliquity of the Muscovitish temperament.

To continue the story--skating farther than their wont that day they reached that part of the river where the ships had anchored and been frozen in midstream. Among them was the ship of the Muscovite Embassy flying its double-headed black eagle from the main mast, which was hung with many-coloured icicles several yards in length. Sasha had left some of her clothing on board, and supposing the ship to be empty they climbed on deck and went in search of it. Remembering certain passages in his own past, Orlando would not have marvelled had some good citizens sought this refuge before them; and so it turned out. They had not ventured far when a fine young man started up from some business of his own behind a coil of rope and saying, apparently, for he spoke Russian, that he was one of the crew and would help the Princess to find what she wanted, lit a lump of candle and disappeared with her into the lower parts of the ship.

Time went by, and Orlando, wrapped in his own dreams, thought only of the pleasures of life; of his jewel; of her rarity; of means for making her irrevocably and indissolubly his own. Obstacles there were and hardships to overcome. She was determined to live in Russia, where there were frozen rivers and wild horses and men, she said, who gashed each other's throats open. It is true that a landscape of pine and snow, habits of lust and slaughter, did not entice him. Nor was he anxious to cease his pleasant country ways of sport and tree-planting; relinquish his office; ruin his career; shoot the reindeer instead of the rabbit; drink vodka instead of canary, and slip a knife up his sleeve--for what purpose, he knew not. Still, all this and more than all this he would do for her sake. As for his marriage to the Lady Margaret, fixed though it was for this day sennight, the thing was so palpably absurd that he scarcely gave it a thought. Her kinsmen would abuse him for deserting a great lady; his friends would deride him for ruining the finest career in the world for a Cossack woman and a waste of snow--it weighed not a straw in the balance compared with Sasha herself. On the first dark night they would fly. They would take ship to Russia. So he pondered; so he plotted as he walked up and down the deck.

He was recalled, turning westward, by the sight of the sun, slung like an orange on the cross of St Paul's. It was blood-red and sinking rapidly. It must be almost evening. Sasha had been gone this hour and more. Seized instantly with those dark forebodings which shadowed even his most confident thoughts of her, he plunged the way he had seen them go into the hold of the ship; and, after stumbling among chests and barrels in the darkness, was made aware by a faint glimmer in a corner that they were seated there. For one second, he had a vision of them; saw Sasha seated on the sailor's knee; saw her bend towards him; saw them embrace before the light was blotted out in a red cloud by his rage. He blazed into such a howl of anguish that the whole ship echoed. Sasha threw herself between them, or the sailor would have been stifled before he could draw his cutlass. Then a deadly sickness came over Orlando, and they had to lay him on the floor and give him brandy to drink before he revived. And then, when he had recovered and was sat upon a heap of sacking on deck, Sasha hung over him, passing before his dizzied eyes softly, sinuously, like the fox that had bit him, now cajoling, now denouncing, so that he came to doubt what he had seen. Had not the candle guttered; had not the shadows moved? The box was heavy, she said; the man was helping her to move it. Orlando believed her one moment--for who can be sure that his rage has not painted what he most dreads to find?--the next was the more violent with anger at her deceit. Then Sasha herself turned white; stamped her foot on deck; said she would go that night, and called upon her Gods to destroy her, if she, a Romanovitch, had lain in the arms of a common seaman. Indeed, looking at them together (which he could hardly bring himself to do) Orlando was outraged by the foulness of his imagination that could have painted so frail a creature in the paw of that hairy sea brute. The man was huge; stood six feet four in his stockings, wore common wire rings in his ears; and looked like a dray horse upon which some wren or robin has perched in its flight. So he yielded; believed her; and asked her pardon. Yet when they were going down the ship's side, lovingly again, Sasha paused with her hand on the ladder, and called back to this tawny wide-cheeked monster a volley of Russian greetings, jests, or endearments, not a word of which Orlando could understand. But there was something in her tone (it might be the fault of the Russian consonants) that reminded Orlando of a scene some nights since, when he had come upon her in secret gnawing a candle-end in a corner, which she had picked from the floor. True, it was pink; it was gilt; and it was from the King's table; but it was tallow, and she gnawed it. Was there not, he thought, handing her on to the ice, something rank in her, something coarse flavoured, something peasant born? And he fancied her at forty grown unwieldy though she was now slim as a reed, and lethargic though she was now blithe as a lark. But again as they skated towards London such suspicions melted in his breast, and he felt as if he had been hooked by a great fish through the nose and rushed through the waters unwillingly, yet with his own consent.

It was an evening of astonishing beauty. As the sun sank, all the domes, spires, turrets, and pinnacles of London rose in inky blackness against the furious red sunset clouds. Here was the fretted cross at Charing; there the dome of St Paul's; there the massy square of the Tower buildings; there like a grove of trees stripped of all leaves save a knob at the end were the heads on the pikes at Temple Bar. Now the Abbey windows were lit up and burnt like a heavenly, many-coloured shield (in Orlando's fancy); now all the west seemed a golden window with troops of angels (in Orlando's fancy again) passing up and down the heavenly stairs perpetually. All the time they seemed to be skating in fathomless depths of air, so blue the ice had become; and so glassy smooth was it that they sped quicker and quicker to the city with the white gulls circling about them, and cutting in the air with their wings the very same sweeps that they cut on the ice with their skates.

Sasha, as if to reassure him, was tenderer than usual and even more delightful. Seldom would she talk about her past life, but now she told him how, in winter in Russia, she would listen to the wolves howling across the steppes, and thrice, to show him, she barked like a wolf. Upon which he told her of the stags in the snow at home, and how they would stray into the great hall for warmth and be fed by an old man with porridge from a bucket. And then she praised him; for his love of beasts; for his gallantry; for his legs. Ravished with her praises and shamed to think how he had maligned her by fancying her on the knees of a common sailor and grown fat and lethargic at forty, he told her that he could find no words to praise her; yet instantly bethought him how she was like the spring and green grass and rushing waters, and seizing her more tightly than ever, he swung her with him half across the river so that the gulls and the cormorants swung too. And halting at length, out of breath, she said, panting slightly, that he was like a million-candled Christmas tree (such as they have in Russia) hung with yellow globes; incandescent; enough to light a whole street by; (so one might translate it) for what with his glowing cheeks, his dark curls, his black and crimson cloak, he looked as if he were burning with his own radiance, from a lamp lit within.

All the colour, save the red of Orlando's cheeks, soon faded. Night came on. As the orange light of sunset vanished it was succeeded by an astonishing white glare from the torches, bonfires, flaming cressets, and other devices by which the river was lit up and the strangest transformation took place. Various churches and noblemen's palaces, whose fronts were of white stone showed in streaks and patches as if floating on the air. Of St Paul's, in particular, nothing was left but a gilt cross. The Abbey appeared like the grey skeleton of a leaf. Everything suffered emaciation and transformation. As they approached the carnival, they heard a deep note like that struck on a tuning-fork which boomed louder and louder until it became an uproar. Every now and then a great shout followed a rocket into the air. Gradually they could discern little figures breaking off from the vast crowd and spinning hither and thither like gnats on the surface of a river. Above and around this brilliant circle like a bowl of darkness pressed the deep black of a winter's night. And then into this darkness there began to rise with pauses, which kept the expectation alert and the mouth open, flowering rockets; crescents; serpents; a crown. At one moment the woods and distant hills showed green as on a summer's day; the next all was winter and blackness again.

By this time Orlando and the Princess were close to the Royal enclosure and found their way barred by a great crowd of the common people, who were pressing as near to the silken rope as they dared. Loth to end their privacy and encounter the sharp eyes that were on the watch for them, the couple lingered there, shouldered by apprentices; tailors; fishwives; horse dealers, cony catchers; starving scholars; maid-servants in their whimples; orange girls; ostlers; sober citizens; bawdy tapsters; and a crowd of little ragamuffins such as always haunt the outskirts of a crowd, screaming and scrambling among people's feet--all the riff-raff of the London streets indeed was there, jesting and jostling, here casting dice, telling fortunes, shoving, tickling, pinching; here uproarious, there glum; some of them with mouths gaping a yard wide; others as little reverent as daws on a house-top; all as variously rigged out as their purse or stations allowed; here in fur and broadcloth; there in tatters with their feet kept from the ice only by a dishclout bound about them. The main press of people, it appeared, stood opposite a booth or stage something like our Punch and Judy show upon which some kind of theatrical performance was going forward. A black man was waving his arms and vociferating. There was a woman in white laid upon a bed. Rough though the staging was, the actors running up and down a pair of steps and sometimes tripping, and the crowd stamping their feet and whistling, or when they were bored, tossing a piece of orange peel on to the ice which a dog would scramble for, still the astonishing, sinuous melody of the words stirred Orlando like music. Spoken with extreme speed and a daring agility of tongue which reminded him of the sailors singing in the beer gardens at Wapping, the words even without meaning were as wine to him. But now and again a single phrase would come to him over the ice which was as if torn from the depths of his heart. The frenzy of the Moor seemed to him his own frenzy, and when the Moor suffocated the woman in her bed it was Sasha he killed with his own hands.

At last the play was ended. All had grown dark. The tears streamed down his face. Looking up into the sky there was nothing but blackness there too. Ruin and death, he thought, cover all. The life of man ends in the grave. Worms devour us.

Methinks it should be now a huge eclipse
Of sun and moon, and that the affrighted globe
Should yawn--

Even as he said this a star of some pallor rose in his memory. The night was dark; it was pitch dark; but it was such a night as this that they had waited for; it was on such a night as this that they had planned to fly. He remembered everything. The time had come. With a burst of passion he snatched Sasha to him, and hissed in her ear 'Jour de ma vie!' It was their signal. At midnight they would meet at an inn near Blackfriars. Horses waited there. Everything was in readiness for their flight. So they parted, she to her tent, he to his. It still wanted an hour of the time.

Long before midnight Orlando was in waiting. The night was of so inky a blackness that a man was on you before he could be seen, which was all to the good, but it was also of the most solemn stillness so that a horse's hoof, or a child's cry, could be heard at a distance of half a mile. Many a time did Orlando, pacing the little courtyard, hold his heart at the sound of some nag's steady footfall on the cobbles, or at the rustle of a woman's dress. But the traveller was only some merchant, making home belated; or some woman of the quarter whose errand was nothing so innocent. They passed, and the street was quieter than before. Then those lights which burnt downstairs in the small, huddled quarters where the poor of the city lived moved up to the sleeping-rooms, and then, one by one, were extinguished. The street lanterns in these purlieus were few at most; and the negligence of the night watchman often suffered them to expire long before dawn. The darkness then became even deeper than before. Orlando looked to the wicks of his lantern, saw to the saddle girths; primed his pistols; examined his holsters; and did all these things a dozen times at least till he could find nothing more needing his attention. Though it still lacked some twenty minutes to midnight, he could not bring himself to go indoors to the inn parlour, where the hostess was still serving sack and the cheaper sort of canary wine to a few seafaring men, who would sit there trolling their ditties, and telling their stories of Drake, Hawkins, and Grenville, till they toppled off the benches and rolled asleep on the sanded floor. The darkness was more compassionate to his swollen and violent heart. He listened to every footfall; speculated on every sound. Each drunken shout and each wail from some poor wretch laid in the straw or in other distress cut his heart to the quick, as if it boded ill omen to his venture. Yet, he had no fear for Sasha. Her courage made nothing of the adventure. She would come alone, in her cloak and trousers, booted like a man. Light as her footfall was, it would hardly be heard, even in this silence.

So he waited in the darkness. Suddenly he was struck in the face by a blow, soft, yet heavy, on the side of his cheek. So strung with expectation was he, that he started and put his hand to his sword. The blow was repeated a dozen times on forehead and cheek. The dry frost had lasted so long that it took him a minute to realize that these were raindrops falling; the blows were the blows of the rain. At first, they fell slowly, deliberately, one by one. But soon the six drops became sixty; then six hundred; then ran themselves together in a steady spout of water. It was as if the hard and consolidated sky poured itself forth in one profuse fountain. In the space of five minutes Orlando was soaked to the skin.

Hastily putting the horses under cover, he sought shelter beneath the lintel of the door whence he could still observe the courtyard. The air was thicker now than ever, and such a steaming and droning rose from the downpour that no footfall of man or beast could be heard above it. The roads, pitted as they were with great holes, would be under water and perhaps impassable. But of what effect this would have upon their flight he scarcely thought. All his senses were bent upon gazing along the cobbled pathway--gleaming in the light of the lantern--for Sasha's coming. Sometimes, in the darkness, he seemed to see her wrapped about with rain strokes. But the phantom vanished. Suddenly, with an awful and ominous voice, a voice full of horror and alarm which raised every hair of anguish in Orlando's soul, St Paul's struck the first stroke of midnight. Four times more it struck remorselessly. With the superstition of a lover, Orlando had made out that it was on the sixth stroke that she would come. But the sixth stroke echoed away, and the seventh came and the eighth, and to his apprehensive mind they seemed notes first heralding and then proclaiming death and disaster. When the twelfth struck he knew that his doom was sealed. It was useless for the rational part of him to reason; she might be late; she might be prevented; she might have missed her way. The passionate and feeling heart of Orlando knew the truth. Other clocks struck, jangling one after another. The whole world seemed to ring with the news of her deceit and his derision. The old suspicions subterraneously at work in him rushed forth from concealment openly. He was bitten by a swarm of snakes, each more poisonous than the last. He stood in the doorway in the tremendous rain without moving. As the minutes passed, he sagged a little at the knees. The downpour rushed on. In the thick of it, great guns seemed to boom. Huge noises as of the tearing and rending of oak trees could be heard. There were also wild cries and terrible inhuman groanings. But Orlando stood there immovable till Paul's clock struck two, and then, crying aloud with an awful irony, and all his teeth showing, 'Jour de ma vie!' he dashed the lantern to the ground, mounted his horse and galloped he knew not where.

Some blind instinct, for he was past reasoning, must have driven him to take the river bank in the direction of the sea. For when the dawn broke, which it did with unusual suddenness, the sky turning a pale yellow and the rain almost ceasing, he found himself on the banks of the Thames off Wapping. Now a sight of the most extraordinary nature met his eyes. Where, for three months and more, there had been solid ice of such thickness that it seemed permanent as stone, and a whole gay city had been stood on its pavement, was now a race of turbulent yellow waters. The river had gained its freedom in the night. It was as if a sulphur spring (to which view many philosophers inclined) had risen from the volcanic regions beneath and burst the ice asunder with such vehemence that it swept the huge and massy fragments furiously apart. The mere look of the water was enough to turn one giddy. All was riot and confusion. The river was strewn with icebergs. Some of these were as broad as a bowling green and as high as a house; others no bigger than a man's hat, but most fantastically twisted. Now would come down a whole convoy of ice blocks sinking everything that stood in their way. Now, eddying and swirling like a tortured serpent, the river would seem to be hurtling itself between the fragments and tossing them from bank to bank, so that they could be heard smashing against the piers and pillars. But what was the most awful and inspiring of terror was the sight of the human creatures who had been trapped in the night and now paced their twisting and precarious islands in the utmost agony of spirit. Whether they jumped into the flood or stayed on the ice their doom was certain. Sometimes quite a cluster of these poor creatures would come down together, some on their knees, others suckling their babies. One old man seemed to be reading aloud from a holy book. At other times, and his fate perhaps was the most dreadful, a solitary wretch would stride his narrow tenement alone. As they swept out to sea, some could be heard crying vainly for help, making wild promises to amend their ways, confessing their sins and vowing altars and wealth if God would hear their prayers. Others were so dazed with terror that they sat immovable and silent looking steadfastly before them. One crew of young watermen or post-boys, to judge by their liveries, roared and shouted the lewdest tavern songs, as if in bravado, and were dashed against a tree and sunk with blasphemies on their lips. An old nobleman--for such his furred gown and golden chain proclaimed him--went down not far from where Orlando stood, calling vengeance upon the Irish rebels, who, he cried with his last breath, had plotted this devilry. Many perished clasping some silver pot or other treasure to their breasts; and at least a score of poor wretches were drowned by their own cupidity, hurling themselves from the bank into the flood rather than let a gold goblet escape them, or see before their eyes the disappearance of some furred gown. For furniture, valuables, possessions of all sorts were carried away on the icebergs. Among other strange sights was to be seen a cat suckling its young; a table laid sumptuously for a supper of twenty; a couple in bed; together with an extraordinary number of cooking utensils.

Dazed and astounded, Orlando could do nothing for some time but watch the appalling race of waters as it hurled itself past him. At last, seeming to recollect himself, he clapped spurs to his horse and galloped hard along the river bank in the direction of the sea. Rounding a bend of the river, he came opposite that reach where, not two days ago, the ships of the Ambassadors had seemed immovably frozen. Hastily, he made count of them all; the French; the Spanish; the Austrian; the Turk. All still floated, though the French had broken loose from her moorings, and the Turkish vessel had taken a great rent in her side and was fast filling with water. But the Russian ship was nowhere to be seen. For one moment Orlando thought it must have foundered; but, raising himself in his stirrups and shading his eyes, which had the sight of a hawk's, he could just make out the shape of a ship on the horizon. The black eagles were flying from the mast head. The ship of the Muscovite Embassy was standing out to sea.

Flinging himself from his horse, he made, in his rage, as if he would breast the flood. Standing knee-deep in water he hurled at the faithless woman all the insults that have ever been the lot of her sex. Faithless, mutable, fickle, he called her; devil, adulteress, deceiver; and the swirling waters took his words, and tossed at his feet a broken pot and a little straw.

CHAPTER 2.

The biographer is now faced with a difficulty which it is better perhaps to confess than to gloss over. Up to this point in telling the story of Orlando's life, documents, both private and historical, have made it possible to fulfil the first duty of a biographer, which is to plod, without looking to right or left, in the indelible footprints of truth; unenticed by flowers; regardless of shade; on and on methodically till we fall plump into the grave and write finis on the tombstone above our heads. But now we come to an episode which lies right across our path, so that there is no ignoring it. Yet it is dark, mysterious, and undocumented; so that there is no explaining it. Volumes might be written in interpretation of it; whole religious systems founded upon the signification of it. Our simple duty is to state the facts as far as they are known, and so let the reader make of them what he may.

In the summer of that disastrous winter which saw the frost, the flood, the deaths of many thousands, and the complete downfall of Orlando's hopes--for he was exiled from Court; in deep disgrace with the most powerful nobles of his time; the Irish house of Desmond was justly enraged; the King had already trouble enough with the Irish not to relish this further addition--in that summer Orlando retired to his great house in the country and there lived in complete solitude. One June morning--it was Saturday the 18th--he failed to rise at his usual hour, and when his groom went to call him he was found fast asleep. Nor could he be awakened. He lay as if in a trance, without perceptible breathing; and though dogs were set to bark under his window; cymbals, drums, bones beaten perpetually in his room; a gorse bush put under his pillow; and mustard plasters applied to his feet, still he did not wake, take food, or show any sign of life for seven whole days. On the seventh day he woke at his usual time (a quarter before eight, precisely) and turned the whole posse of caterwauling wives and village soothsayers out of his room, which was natural enough; but what was strange was that he showed no consciousness of any such trance, but dressed himself and sent for his horse as if he had woken from a single night's slumber. Yet some change, it was suspected, must have taken place in the chambers of his brain, for though he was perfectly rational and seemed graver and more sedate in his ways than before, he appeared to have an imperfect recollection of his past life. He would listen when people spoke of the great frost or the skating or the carnival, but he never gave any sign, except by passing his hand across his brow as if to wipe away some cloud, of having witnessed them himself. When the events of the past six months were discussed, he seemed not so much distressed as puzzled, as if he were troubled by confused memories of some time long gone or were trying to recall stories told him by another. It was observed that if Russia was mentioned or Princesses or ships, he would fall into a gloom of an uneasy kind and get up and look out of the window or call one of the dogs to him, or take a knife and carve a piece of cedar wood. But the doctors were hardly wiser then than they are now, and after prescribing rest and exercise, starvation and nourishment, society and solitude, that he should lie in bed all day and ride forty miles between lunch and dinner, together with the usual sedatives and irritants, diversified, as the fancy took them, with possets of newt's slobber on rising, and draughts of peacock's gall on going to bed, they left him to himself, and gave it as their opinion that he had been asleep for a week.

But if sleep it was, of what nature, we can scarcely refrain from asking, are such sleeps as these? Are they remedial measures--trances in which the most galling memories, events that seem likely to cripple life for ever, are brushed with a dark wing which rubs their harshness off and gilds them, even the ugliest and basest, with a lustre, an incandescence? Has the finger of death to be laid on the tumult of life from time to time lest it rend us asunder? Are we so made that we have to take death in small doses daily or we could not go on with the business of living? And then what strange powers are these that penetrate our most secret ways and change our most treasured possessions without our willing it? Had Orlando, worn out by the extremity of his suffering, died for a week, and then come to life again? And if so, of what nature is death and of what nature life? Having waited well over half an hour for an answer to these questions, and none coming, let us get on with the story.

Now Orlando gave himself up to a life of extreme solitude. His disgrace at Court and the violence of his grief were partly the reason of it, but as he made no effort to defend himself and seldom invited anyone to visit him (though he had many friends who would willingly have done so) it appeared as if to be alone in the great house of his fathers suited his temper. Solitude was his choice. How he spent his time, nobody quite knew. The servants, of whom he kept a full retinue, though much of their business was to dust empty rooms and to smooth the coverlets of beds that were never slept in, watched, in the dark of the evening, as they sat over their cakes and ale, a light passing along the galleries, through the banqueting-halls, up the staircase, into the bedrooms, and knew that their master was perambulating the house alone. None dared follow him, for the house was haunted by a great variety of ghosts, and the extent of it made it easy to lose one's way and either fall down some hidden staircase or open a door which, should the wind blow it to, would shut upon one for ever--accidents of no uncommon occurrence, as the frequent discovery of the skeletons of men and animals in attitudes of great agony made evident. Then the light would be lost altogether, and Mrs Grimsditch, the housekeeper, would say to Mr Dupper, the chaplain, how she hoped his Lordship had not met with some bad accident. Mr Dupper would opine that his Lordship was on his knees, no doubt, among the tombs of his ancestors in the Chapel, which was in the Billiard Table Court, half a mile away on the south side. For he had sins on his conscience, Mr Dupper was afraid; upon which Mrs Grimsditch would retort, rather sharply, that so had most of us; and Mrs Stewkley and Mrs Field and old Nurse Carpenter would all raise their voices in his Lordship's praise; and the grooms and the stewards would swear that it was a thousand pities to see so fine a nobleman moping about the house when he might be hunting the fox or chasing the deer; and even the little laundry maids and scullery maids, the Judys and the Faiths, who were handing round the tankards and cakes, would pipe up their testimony to his Lordship's gallantry; for never was there a kinder gentleman, or one more free with those little pieces of silver which serve to buy a knot of ribbon or put a posy in one's hair; until even the Blackamoor whom they called Grace Robinson by way of making a Christian woman of her, understood what they were at, and agreed that his Lordship was a handsome, pleasant, darling gentleman in the only way she could, that is to say by showing all her teeth at once in a broad grin. In short, all his serving men and women held him in high respect, and cursed the foreign Princess (but they called her by a coarser name than that) who had brought him to this pass.

But though it was probably cowardice, or love of hot ale, that led Mr Dupper to imagine his Lordship safe among the tombs so that he need not go in search of him, it may well have been that Mr Dupper was right. Orlando now took a strange delight in thoughts of death and decay, and, after pacing the long galleries and ballrooms with a taper in his hand, looking at picture after picture as if he sought the likeness of somebody whom he could not find, would mount into the family pew and sit for hours watching the banners stir and the moonlight waver with a bat or death's head moth to keep him company. Even this was not enough for him, but he must descend into the crypt where his ancestors lay, coffin piled upon coffin, for ten generations together. The place was so seldom visited that the rats made free with the lead work, and now a thigh bone would catch at his cloak as he passed, or he would crack the skull of some old Sir Malise as it rolled beneath his foot. It was a ghastly sepulchre; dug deep beneath the foundations of the house as if the first Lord of the family, who had come from France with the Conqueror, had wished to testify how all pomp is built upon corruption; how the skeleton lies beneath the flesh: how we that dance and sing above must lie below; how the crimson velvet turns to dust; how the ring (here Orlando, stooping his lantern, would pick up a gold circle lacking a stone, that had rolled into a corner) loses its ruby and the eye which was so lustrous shines no more. 'Nothing remains of all these Princes', Orlando would say, indulging in some pardonable exaggeration of their rank, 'except one digit,' and he would take a skeleton hand in his and bend the joints this way and that. 'Whose hand was it?' he went on to ask. 'The right or the left? The hand of man or woman, of age or youth? Had it urged the war horse, or plied the needle? Had it plucked the rose, or grasped cold steel? Had it--' but here either his invention failed him or, what is more likely, provided him with so many instances of what a hand can do that he shrank, as his wont was, from the cardinal labour of composition, which is excision, and he put it with the other bones, thinking how there was a writer called Thomas Browne, a Doctor of Norwich, whose writing upon such subjects took his fancy amazingly.

So, taking his lantern and seeing that the bones were in order, for though romantic, he was singularly methodical and detested nothing so much as a ball of string on the floor, let alone the skull of an ancestor, he returned to that curious, moody pacing down the galleries, looking for something among the pictures, which was interrupted at length by a veritable spasm of sobbing, at the sight of a Dutch snow scene by an unknown artist. Then it seemed to him that life was not worth living any more. Forgetting the bones of his ancestors and how life is founded on a grave, he stood there shaken with sobs, all for the desire of a woman in Russian trousers, with slanting eyes, a pouting mouth and pearls about her neck. She had gone. She had left him. He was never to see her again. And so he sobbed. And so he found his way back to his own rooms; and Mrs Grimsditch, seeing the light in the window, put the tankard from her lips and said Praise be to God, his Lordship was safe in his room again; for she had been thinking all this while that he was foully murdered.

Orlando now drew his chair up to the table; opened the works of Sir Thomas Browne and proceeded to investigate the delicate articulation of one of the doctor's longest and most marvellously contorted cogitations.

For though these are not matters on which a biographer can profitably enlarge it is plain enough to those who have done a reader's part in making up from bare hints dropped here and there the whole boundary and circumference of a living person; can hear in what we only whisper a living voice; can see, often when we say nothing about it, exactly what he looked like; know without a word to guide them precisely what he thought--and it is for readers such as these that we write--it is plain then to such a reader that Orlando was strangely compounded of many humours--of melancholy, of indolence, of passion, of love of solitude, to say nothing of all those contortions and subtleties of temper which were indicated on the first page, when he slashed at a dead nigger's head; cut it down; hung it chivalrously out of his reach again and then betook himself to the windowseat with a book. The taste for books was an early one. As a child he was sometimes found at midnight by a page still reading. They took his taper away, and he bred glow-worms to serve his purpose. They took the glow-worms away, and he almost burnt the house down with a tinder. To put it in a nutshell, leaving the novelist to smooth out the crumpled silk and all its implications, he was a nobleman afflicted with a love of literature. Many people of his time, still more of his rank, escaped the infection and were thus free to run or ride or make love at their own sweet will. But some were early infected by a germ said to be bred of the pollen of the asphodel and to be blown out of Greece and Italy, which was of so deadly a nature that it would shake the hand as it was raised to strike, and cloud the eye as it sought its prey, and make the tongue stammer as it declared its love. It was the fatal nature of this disease to substitute a phantom for reality, so that Orlando, to whom fortune had given every gift--plate, linen, houses, men-servants, carpets, beds in profusion--had only to open a book for the whole vast accumulation to turn to mist. The nine acres of stone which were his house vanished; one hundred and fifty indoor servants disappeared; his eighty riding horses became invisible; it would take too long to count the carpets, sofas, trappings, china, plate, cruets, chafing dishes and other movables often of beaten gold, which evaporated like so much sea mist under the miasma. So it was, and Orlando would sit by himself, reading, a naked man.

The disease gained rapidly upon him now in his solitude. He would read often six hours into the night; and when they came to him for orders about the slaughtering of cattle or the harvesting of wheat, he would push away his folio and look as if he did not understand what was said to him. This was bad enough and wrung the hearts of Hall, the falconer, of Giles, the groom, of Mrs Grimsditch, the housekeeper, of Mr Dupper, the chaplain. A fine gentleman like that, they said, had no need of books. Let him leave books, they said, to the palsied or the dying. But worse was to come. For once the disease of reading has laid upon the system it weakens it so that it falls an easy prey to that other scourge which dwells in the inkpot and festers in the quill. The wretch takes to writing. And while this is bad enough in a poor man, whose only property is a chair and a table set beneath a leaky roof--for he has not much to lose, after all--the plight of a rich man, who has houses and cattle, maidservants, asses and linen, and yet writes books, is pitiable in the extreme. The flavour of it all goes out of him; he is riddled by hot irons; gnawed by vermin. He would give every penny he has (such is the malignity of the germ) to write one little book and become famous; yet all the gold in Peru will not buy him the treasure of a well-turned line. So he falls into consumption and sickness, blows his brains out, turns his face to the wall. It matters not in what attitude they find him. He has passed through the gates of Death and known the flames of Hell.

Happily, Orlando was of a strong constitution and the disease (for reasons presently to be given) never broke him down as it has broken many of his peers. But he was deeply smitten with it, as the sequel shows. For when he had read for an hour or so in Sir Thomas Browne, and the bark of the stag and the call of the night watchman showed that it was the dead of night and all safe asleep, he crossed the room, took a silver key from his pocket and unlocked the doors of a great inlaid cabinet which stood in the corner. Within were some fifty drawers of cedar wood and upon each was a paper neatly written in Orlando's hand. He paused, as if hesitating which to open. One was inscribed 'The Death of Ajax', another 'The Birth of Pyramus', another 'Iphigenia in Aulis', another 'The Death of Hippolytus', another 'Meleager', another 'The Return of Odysseus',--in fact there was scarcely a single drawer that lacked the name of some mythological personage at a crisis of his career. In each drawer lay a document of considerable size all written over in Orlando's hand. The truth was that Orlando had been afflicted thus for many years. Never had any boy begged apples as Orlando begged paper; nor sweetmeats as he begged ink. Stealing away from talk and games, he had hidden himself behind curtains, in priest's holes, or in the cupboard behind his mother's bedroom which had a great hole in the floor and smelt horribly of starling's dung, with an inkhorn in one hand, a pen in another, and on his knee a roll of paper. Thus had been written, before he was turned twenty-five, some forty-seven plays, histories, romances, poems; some in prose, some in verse; some in French, some in Italian; all romantic, and all long. One he had had printed by John Ball of the Feathers and Coronet opposite St Paul's Cross, Cheapside; but though the sight of it gave him extreme delight, he had never dared show it even to his mother, since to write, much more to publish, was, he knew, for a nobleman an inexpiable disgrace.

Now, however, that it was the dead of night and he was alone, he chose from this repository one thick document called 'Xenophila a Tragedy' or some such title, and one thin one, called simply 'The Oak Tree' (this was the only monosyllabic title among the lot), and then he approached the inkhorn, fingered the quill, and made other such passes as those addicted to this vice begin their rites with. But he paused.

As this pause was of extreme significance in his history, more so, indeed, than many acts which bring men to their knees and make rivers run with blood, it behoves us to ask why he paused; and to reply, after due reflection, that it was for some such reason as this. Nature, who has played so many queer tricks upon us, making us so unequally of clay and diamonds, of rainbow and granite, and stuffed them into a case, often of the most incongruous, for the poet has a butcher's face and the butcher a poet's; nature, who delights in muddle and mystery, so that even now (the first of November 1927) we know not why we go upstairs, or why we come down again, our most daily movements are like the passage of a ship on an unknown sea, and the sailors at the mast-head ask, pointing their glasses to the horizon; Is there land or is there none? to which, if we are prophets, we make answer 'Yes'; if we are truthful we say 'No'; nature, who has so much to answer for besides the perhaps unwieldy length of this sentence, has further complicated her task and added to our confusion by providing not only a perfect rag-bag of odds and ends within us--a piece of a policeman's trousers lying cheek by jowl with Queen Alexandra's wedding veil--but has contrived that the whole assortment shall be lightly stitched together by a single thread. Memory is the seamstress, and a capricious one at that. Memory runs her needle in and out, up and down, hither and thither. We know not what comes next, or what follows after. Thus, the most ordinary movement in the world, such as sitting down at a table and pulling the inkstand towards one, may agitate a thousand odd, disconnected fragments, now bright, now dim, hanging and bobbing and dipping and flaunting, like the underlinen of a family of fourteen on a line in a gale of wind. Instead of being a single, downright, bluff piece of work of which no man need feel ashamed, our commonest deeds are set about with a fluttering and flickering of wings, a rising and falling of lights. Thus it was that Orlando, dipping his pen in the ink, saw the mocking face of the lost Princess and asked himself a million questions instantly which were as arrows dipped in gall. Where was she; and why had she left him? Was the Ambassador her uncle or her lover? Had they plotted? Was she forced? Was she married? Was she dead?--all of which so drove their venom into him that, as if to vent his agony somewhere, he plunged his quill so deep into the inkhorn that the ink spirted over the table, which act, explain it how one may (and no explanation perhaps is possible--Memory is inexplicable), at once substituted for the face of the Princess a face of a very different sort. But whose was it, he asked himself? And he had to wait, perhaps half a minute, looking at the new picture which lay on top of the old, as one lantern slide is half seen through the next, before he could say to himself, 'This is the face of that rather fat, shabby man who sat in Twitchett's room ever so many years ago when old Queen Bess came here to dine; and I saw him,' Orlando continued, catching at another of those little coloured rags, 'sitting at the table, as I peeped in on my way downstairs, and he had the most amazing eyes,' said Orlando, 'that ever were, but who the devil was he?' Orlando asked, for here Memory added to the forehead and eyes, first, a coarse, grease-stained ruffle, then a brown doublet, and finally a pair of thick boots such as citizens wear in Cheapside. 'Not a Nobleman; not one of us,' said Orlando (which he would not have said aloud, for he was the most courteous of gentlemen; but it shows what an effect noble birth has upon the mind and incidentally how difficult it is for a nobleman to be a writer), 'a poet, I dare say.' By all the laws, Memory, having disturbed him sufficiently, should now have blotted the whole thing out completely, or have fetched up something so idiotic and out of keeping--like a dog chasing a cat or an old woman blowing her nose into a red cotton handkerchief--that, in despair of keeping pace with her vagaries, Orlando should have struck his pen in earnest against his paper. (For we can, if we have the resolution, turn the hussy, Memory, and all her ragtag and bobtail out of the house.) But Orlando paused. Memory still held before him the image of a shabby man with big, bright eyes. Still he looked, still he paused. It is these pauses that are our undoing. It is then that sedition enters the fortress and our troops rise in insurrection. Once before he had paused, and love with its horrid rout, its shawms, its cymbals, and its heads with gory locks torn from the shoulders had burst in. From love he had suffered the tortures of the damned. Now, again, he paused, and into the breach thus made, leapt Ambition, the harridan, and Poetry, the witch, and Desire of Fame, the strumpet; all joined hands and made of his heart their dancing ground. Standing upright in the solitude of his room, he vowed that he would be the first poet of his race and bring immortal lustre upon his name. He said (reciting the names and exploits of his ancestors) that Sir Boris had fought and killed the Paynim; Sir Gawain, the Turk; Sir Miles, the Pole; Sir Andrew, the Frank; Sir Richard, the Austrian; Sir Jordan, the Frenchman; and Sir Herbert, the Spaniard. But of all that killing and campaigning, that drinking and love-making, that spending and hunting and riding and eating, what remained? A skull; a finger. Whereas, he said, turning to the page of Sir Thomas Browne, which lay open upon the table--and again he paused. Like an incantation rising from all parts of the room, from the night wind and the moonlight, rolled the divine melody of those words which, lest they should outstare this page, we will leave where they lie entombed, not dead, embalmed rather, so fresh is their colour, so sound their breathing--and Orlando, comparing that achievement with those of his ancestors, cried out that they and their deeds were dust and ashes, but this man and his words were immortal.

He soon perceived, however, that the battles which Sir Miles and the rest had waged against armed knights to win a kingdom, were not half so arduous as this which he now undertook to win immortality against the English language. Anyone moderately familiar with the rigours of composition will not need to be told the story in detail; how he wrote and it seemed good; read and it seemed vile; corrected and tore up; cut out; put in; was in ecstasy; in despair; had his good nights and bad mornings; snatched at ideas and lost them; saw his book plain before him and it vanished; acted his people's parts as he ate; mouthed them as he walked; now cried; now laughed; vacillated between this style and that; now preferred the heroic and pompous; next the plain and simple; now the vales of Tempe; then the fields of Kent or Cornwall; and could not decide whether he was the divinest genius or the greatest fool in the world.

It was to settle this last question that he decided after many months of such feverish labour, to break the solitude of years and communicate with the outer world. He had a friend in London, one Giles Isham, of Norfolk, who, though of gentle birth, was acquainted with writers and could doubtless put him in touch with some member of that blessed, indeed sacred, fraternity. For, to Orlando in the state he was now in, there was a glory about a man who had written a book and had it printed, which outshone all the glories of blood and state. To his imagination it seemed as if even the bodies of those instinct with such divine thoughts must be transfigured. They must have aureoles for hair, incense for breath, and roses must grow between their lips--which was certainly not true either of himself or Mr Dupper. He could think of no greater happiness than to be allowed to sit behind a curtain and hear them talk. Even the imagination of that bold and various discourse made the memory of what he and his courtier friends used to talk about--a dog, a horse, a woman, a game of cards--seem brutish in the extreme. He bethought him with pride that he had always been called a scholar, and sneered at for his love of solitude and books. He had never been apt at pretty phrases. He would stand stock still, blush, and stride like a grenadier in a ladies' drawing-room. He had twice fallen, in sheer abstraction, from his horse. He had broken Lady Winchilsea's fan once while making a rhyme. Eagerly recalling these and other instances of his unfitness for the life of society, an ineffable hope, that all the turbulence of his youth, his clumsiness, his blushes, his long walks, and his love of the country proved that he himself belonged to the sacred race rather than to the noble--was by birth a writer, rather than an aristocrat--possessed him. For the first time since the night of the great flood he was happy.

He now commissioned Mr Isham of Norfolk to deliver to Mr Nicholas Greene of Clifford's Inn a document which set forth Orlando's admiration for his works (for Nick Greene was a very famous writer at that time) and his desire to make his acquaintance; which he scarcely dared ask; for he had nothing to offer in return; but if Mr Nicholas Greene would condescend to visit him, a coach and four would be at the corner of Fetter Lane at whatever hour Mr Greene chose to appoint, and bring him safely to Orlando's house. One may fill up the phrases which then followed; and figure Orlando's delight when, in no long time, Mr Greene signified his acceptance of the Noble Lord's invitation; took his place in the coach and was set down in the hall to the south of the main building punctually at seven o'clock on Monday, April the twenty-first.

Many Kings, Queens, and Ambassadors had been received there; Judges had stood there in their ermine. The loveliest ladies of the land had come there; and the sternest warriors. Banners hung there which had been at Flodden and at Agincourt. There were displayed the painted coats of arms with their lions and their leopards and their coronets. There were the long tables where the gold and silver plate was stood; and there the vast fireplaces of wrought Italian marble where nightly a whole oak tree, with its million leaves and its nests of rook and wren, was burnt to ashes. Nicholas Greene, the poet stood there now, plainly dressed in his slouched hat and black doublet, carrying in one hand a small bag.

That Orlando as he hastened to greet him was slightly disappointed was inevitable. The poet was not above middle height; was of a mean figure; was lean and stooped somewhat, and, stumbling over the mastiff on entering, the dog bit him. Moreover, Orlando for all his knowledge of mankind was puzzled where to place him. There was something about him which belonged neither to servant, squire, or noble. The head with its rounded forehead and beaked nose was fine, but the chin receded. The eyes were brilliant, but the lips hung loose and slobbered. It was the expression of the face--as a whole, however, that was disquieting. There was none of that stately composure which makes the faces of the nobility so pleasing to look at; nor had it anything of the dignified servility of a well-trained domestic's face; it was a face seamed, puckered, and drawn together. Poet though he was, it seemed as if he were more used to scold than to flatter; to quarrel than to coo; to scramble than to ride; to struggle than to rest; to hate than to love. This, too, was shown by the quickness of his movements; and by something fiery and suspicious in his glance. Orlando was somewhat taken aback. But they went to dinner.

Here, Orlando, who usually took such things for granted, was, for the first time, unaccountably ashamed of the number of his servants and of the splendour of his table. Stranger still, he bethought him with pride--for the thought was generally distasteful--of that great grandmother Moll who had milked the cows. He was about somehow to allude to this humble woman and her milk-pails, when the poet forestalled him by saying that it was odd, seeing how common the name of Greene was, that the family had come over with the Conqueror and was of the highest nobility in France. Unfortunately, they had come down in the world and done little more than leave their name to the royal borough of Greenwich. Further talk of the same sort, about lost castles, coats of arms, cousins who were baronets in the north, intermarriage with noble families in the west, how some Greens spelt the name with an e at the end, and others without, lasted till the venison was on the table. Then Orlando contrived to say something of Grandmother Moll and her cows, and had eased his heart a little of its burden by the time the wild fowl were before them. But it was not until the Malmsey was passing freely that Orlando dared mention what he could not help thinking a more important matter than the Greens or the cows; that is to say the sacred subject of poetry. At the first mention of the word, the poet's eyes flashed fire; he dropped the fine gentleman airs he had worn; thumped his glass on the table, and launched into one of the longest, most intricate, most passionate, and bitterest stories that Orlando had ever heard, save from the lips of a jilted woman, about a play of his; another poet; and a critic. Of the nature of poetry itself, Orlando only gathered that it was harder to sell than prose, and though the lines were shorter took longer in the writing. So the talk went on with ramifications interminable, until Orlando ventured to hint that he had himself been so rash as to write--but here the poet leapt from his chair. A mouse had squeaked in the wainscot, he said. The truth was, he explained, that his nerves were in a state where a mouse's squeak upset them for a fortnight. Doubtless the house was full of vermin, but Orlando had not heard them. The poet then gave Orlando the full story of his health for the past ten years or so. It had been so bad that one could only marvel that he still lived. He had had the palsy, the gout, the ague, the dropsy, and the three sorts of fever in succession; added to which he had an enlarged heart, a great spleen, and a diseased liver. But, above all, he had, he told Orlando, sensations in his spine which defied description. There was one knob about the third from the top which burnt like fire; another about second from the bottom which was cold as ice. Sometimes he woke with a brain like lead; at others it was as if a thousand wax tapers were alight and people were throwing fireworks inside him. He could feel a rose leaf through his mattress, he said; and knew his way almost about London by the feel of the cobbles. Altogether he was a piece of machinery so finely made and curiously put together (here he raised his hand as if unconsciously, and indeed it was of the finest shape imaginable) that it confounded him to think that he had only sold five hundred copies of his poem, but that of course was largely due to the conspiracy against him. All he could say, he concluded, banging his fist upon the table, was that the art of poetry was dead in England.

How that could be with Shakespeare, Marlowe, Ben Jonson, Browne, Donne, all now writing or just having written, Orlando, reeling off the names of his favourite heroes, could not think.

Greene laughed sardonically. Shakespeare, he admitted, had written some scenes that were well enough; but he had taken them chiefly from Marlowe. Marlowe was a likely boy, but what could you say of a lad who died before he was thirty? As for Browne, he was for writing poetry in prose, and people soon got tired of such conceits as that. Donne was a mountebank who wrapped up his lack of meaning in hard words. The gulls were taken in; but the style would be out of fashion twelve months hence. As for Ben Jonson--Ben Jonson was a friend of his and he never spoke ill of his friends.

No, he concluded, the great age of literature is past; the great age of literature was the Greek; the Elizabethan age was inferior in every respect to the Greek. In such ages men cherished a divine ambition which he might call La Gloire (he pronounced it Glawr, so that Orlando did not at first catch his meaning). Now all young writers were in the pay of the booksellers and poured out any trash that would sell. Shakespeare was the chief offender in this way and Shakespeare was already paying the penalty. Their own age, he said, was marked by precious conceits and wild experiments--neither of which the Greeks would have tolerated for a moment. Much though it hurt him to say it--for he loved literature as he loved his life--he could see no good in the present and had no hope for the future. Here he poured himself out another glass of wine.

Orlando was shocked by these doctrines; yet could not help observing that the critic himself seemed by no means downcast. On the contrary, the more he denounced his own time, the more complacent he became. He could remember, he said, a night at the Cock Tavern in Fleet Street when Kit Marlowe was there and some others. Kit was in high feather, rather drunk, which he easily became, and in a mood to say silly things. He could see him now, brandishing his glass at the company and hiccoughing out, 'Stap my vitals, Bill' (this was to Shakespeare), 'there's a great wave coming and you're on the top of it,' by which he meant, Greene explained, that they were trembling on the verge of a great age in English literature, and that Shakespeare was to be a poet of some importance. Happily for himself, he was killed two nights later in a drunken brawl, and so did not live to see how this prediction turned out. 'Poor foolish fellow,' said Greene, 'to go and say a thing like that. A great age, forsooth--the Elizabethan a great age!'

'So, my dear Lord,' he continued, settling himself comfortably in his chair and rubbing the wine-glass between his fingers, 'we must make the best of it, cherish the past and honour those writers--there are still a few of 'em--who take antiquity for their model and write, not for pay but for Glawr.' (Orlando could have wished him a better accent.) 'Glawr', said Greene, 'is the spur of noble minds. Had I a pension of three hundred pounds a year paid quarterly, I would live for Glawr alone. I would lie in bed every morning reading Cicero. I would imitate his style so that you couldn't tell the difference between us. That's what I call fine writing,' said Greene; 'that's what I call Glawr. But it's necessary to have a pension to do it.'

By this time Orlando had abandoned all hope of discussing his own work with the poet; but this mattered the less as the talk now got upon the lives and characters of Shakespeare, Ben Jonson, and the rest, all of whom Greene had known intimately and about whom he had a thousand anecdotes of the most amusing kind to tell. Orlando had never laughed so much in his life. These, then, were his gods! Half were drunken and all were amorous. Most of them quarrelled with their wives; not one of them was above a lie or an intrigue of the most paltry kind. Their poetry was scribbled down on the backs of washing bills held to the heads of printer's devils at the street door. Thus Hamlet went to press; thus Lear; thus Othello. No wonder, as Greene said, that these plays show the faults they do. The rest of the time was spent in carousings and junketings in taverns and in beer gardens, When things were said that passed belief for wit, and things were done that made the utmost frolic of the courtiers seem pale in comparison. All this Greene told with a spirit that roused Orlando to the highest pitch of delight. He had a power of mimicry that brought the dead to life, and could say the finest things of books provided they were written three hundred years ago.

So time passed, and Orlando felt for his guest a strange mixture of liking and contempt, of admiration and pity, as well as something too indefinite to be called by any one name, but had something of fear in it and something of fascination. He talked incessantly about himself, yet was such good company that one could listen to the story of his ague for ever. Then he was so witty; then he was so irreverent; then he made so free with the names of God and Woman; then he was So full of queer crafts and had such strange lore in his head; could make salad in three hundred different ways; knew all that could be known of the mixing of wines; played half-a-dozen musical instruments, and was the first person, and perhaps the last, to toast cheese in the great Italian fireplace. That he did not know a geranium from a carnation, an oak from a birch tree, a mastiff from a greyhound, a teg from a ewe, wheat from barley, plough land from fallow; was ignorant of the rotation of the crops; thought oranges grew underground and turnips on trees; preferred any townscape to any landscape;--all this and much more amazed Orlando, who had never met anybody of his kind before. Even the maids, who despised him, tittered at his jokes, and the men-servants, who loathed him, hung about to hear his stories. Indeed, the house had never been so lively as now that he was there--all of which gave Orlando a great deal to think about, and caused him to compare this way of life with the old. He recalled the sort of talk he had been used to about the King of Spain's apoplexy or the mating of a bitch; he bethought him how the day passed between the stables and the dressing closet; he remembered how the Lords snored over their wine and hated anybody who woke them up. He bethought him how active and valiant they were in body; how slothful and timid in mind. Worried by these thoughts, and unable to strike a proper balance, he came to the conclusion that he had admitted to his house a plaguey spirit of unrest that would never suffer him to sleep sound again.

At the same moment, Nick Greene came to precisely the opposite conclusion. Lying in bed of a morning on the softest pillows between the smoothest sheets and looking out of his oriel window upon turf which for centuries had known neither dandelion nor dock weed, he thought that unless he could somehow make his escape, he should be smothered alive. Getting up and hearing the pigeons coo, dressing and hearing the fountains fall, he thought that unless he could hear the drays roar upon the cobbles of Fleet Street, he would never write another line. If this goes on much longer, he thought, hearing the footman mend the fire and spread the table with silver dishes next door, I shall fall asleep and (here he gave a prodigious yawn) sleeping die.

So he sought Orlando in his room, and explained that he had not been able to sleep a wink all night because of the silence. (Indeed, the house was surrounded by a park fifteen miles in circumference and a wall ten feet high.) Silence, he said, was of all things the most oppressive to his nerves. He would end his visit, by Orlando's leave, that very morning. Orlando felt some relief at this, yet also a great reluctance to let him go. The house, he thought, would seem very dull without him. On parting (for he had never yet liked to mention the subject), he had the temerity to press his play upon the Death of Hercules upon the poet and ask his opinion of it. The poet took it; muttered something about Glawr and Cicero, which Orlando cut short by promising to pay the pension quarterly; whereupon Greene, with many protestations of affection, jumped into the coach and was gone.

The great hall had never seemed so large, so splendid, or so empty as the chariot rolled away. Orlando knew that he would never have the heart to make toasted cheese in the Italian fireplace again. He would never have the wit to crack jokes about Italian pictures; never have the skill to mix punch as it should be mixed; a thousand good quips and cranks would be lost to him. Yet what a relief to be out of the sound of that querulous voice, what a luxury to be alone once more, so he could not help reflecting, as he unloosed the mastiff which had been tied up these six weeks because it never saw the poet without biting him.

Nick Greene was set down at the corner of Fetter Lane that same afternoon, and found things going on much as he had left them. Mrs Greene, that is to say, was giving birth to a baby in one room; Tom Fletcher was drinking gin in another. Books were tumbled all about the floor; dinner--such as it was--was set on a dressing-table where the children had been making mud pies. But this, Greene felt, was the atmosphere for writing, here he could write, and write he did. The subject was made for him. A noble Lord at home. A visit to a Nobleman in the country--his new poem was to have some such title as that. Seizing the pen with which his little boy was tickling the cat's ears, and dipping it in the egg-cup which served for inkpot, Greene dashed off a very spirited satire there and then. It was so done to a turn that no one could doubt that the young Lord who was roasted was Orlando; his most private sayings and doings, his enthusiasms and folies, down to the very colour of his hair and the foreign way he had of rolling his r's, were there to the life. And if there had been any doubt about it, Greene clinched the matter by introducing, with scarcely any disguise, passages from that aristocratic tragedy, the Death of Hercules, which he found as he expected, wordy and bombastic in the extreme.

The pamphlet, which ran at once into several editions, and paid the expenses of Mrs Greene's tenth lying-in, was soon sent by friends who take care of such matters to Orlando himself. When he had read it, which he did with deadly composure from start to finish, he rang for the footman; delivered the document to him at the end of a pair of tongs; bade him drop it in the filthiest heart of the foulest midden on the estate. Then, when the man was turning to go he stopped him, 'Take the swiftest horse in the stable,' he said, 'ride for dear life to Harwich. There embark upon a ship which you will find bound for Norway. Buy for me from the King's own kennels the finest elk-hounds of the Royal strain, male and female. Bring them back without delay. For', he murmured, scarcely above his breath as he turned to his books, 'I have done with men.'

The footman, who was perfectly trained in his duties, bowed and disappeared. He fulfilled his task so efficiently that he was back that day three weeks, leading in his hand a leash of the finest elk-hounds, one of whom, a female, gave birth that very night under the dinner-table to a litter of eight fine puppies. Orlando had them brought to his bedchamber.

'For', he said, 'I have done with men.'

Nevertheless, he paid the pension quarterly.

Thus, at the age of thirty, or thereabouts, this young Nobleman had not only had every experience that life has to offer, but had seen the worthlessness of them all. Love and ambition, women and poets were all equally vain. Literature was a farce. The night after reading Greene's Visit to a Nobleman in the Country, he burnt in a great conflagration fifty-seven poetical works, only retaining 'The Oak Tree', which was his boyish dream and very short. Two things alone remained to him in which he now put any trust: dogs and nature; an elk-hound and a rose bush. The world, in all its variety, life in all its complexity, had shrunk to that. Dogs and a bush were the whole of it. So feeling quit of a vast mountain of illusion, and very naked in consequence, he called his hounds to him and strode through the Park.

So long had he been secluded, writing and reading, that he had half forgotten the amenities of nature, which in June can be great. When he reached that high mound whence on fine days half of England with a slice of Wales and Scotland thrown in can be seen, he flung himself under his favourite oak tree and felt that if he need never speak to another man or woman so long as he lived; if his dogs did not develop the faculty of speech; if he never met a poet or a Princess again, he might make out what years remained to him in tolerable content.

Here he came then, day after day, week after week, month after month, year after year. He saw the beech trees turn golden and the young ferns unfurl; he saw the moon sickle and then circular; he saw--but probably the reader can imagine the passage which should follow and how every tree and plant in the neighbourhood is described first green, then golden; how moons rise and suns set; how spring follows winter and autumn summer; how night succeeds day and day night; how there is first a storm and then fine weather; how things remain much as they are for two or three hundred years or so, except for a little dust and a few cobwebs which one old woman can sweep up in half an hour; a conclusion which, one cannot help feeling, might have been reached more quickly by the simple statement that 'Time passed' (here the exact amount could be indicated in brackets) and nothing whatever happened.

But Time, unfortunately, though it makes animals and vegetables bloom and fade with amazing punctuality, has no such simple effect upon the mind of man. The mind of man, moreover, works with equal strangeness upon the body of time. An hour, once it lodges in the queer element of the human spirit, may be stretched to fifty or a hundred times its clock length; on the other hand, an hour may be accurately represented on the timepiece of the mind by one second. This extraordinary discrepancy between time on the clock and time in the mind is less known than it should be and deserves fuller investigation. But the biographer, whose interests are, as we have said, highly restricted, must confine himself to one simple statement: when a man has reached the age of thirty, as Orlando now had, time when he is thinking becomes inordinately long; time when he is doing becomes inordinately short. Thus Orlando gave his orders and did the business of his vast estates in a flash; but directly he was alone on the mound under the oak tree, the seconds began to round and fill until it seemed as if they would never fall. They filled themselves, moreover, with the strangest variety of objects. For not only did he find himself confronted by problems which have puzzled the wisest of men, such as What is love? What friendship? What truth? but directly he came to think about them, his whole past, which seemed to him of extreme length and variety, rushed into the falling second, swelled it a dozen times its natural size, coloured it a thousand tints, and filled it with all the odds and ends in the universe.

In such thinking (or by whatever name it should be called) he spent months and years of his life. It would be no exaggeration to say that he would go out after breakfast a man of thirty and come home to dinner a man of fifty-five at least. Some weeks added a century to his age, others no more than three seconds at most. Altogether, the task of estimating the length of human life (of the animals' we presume not to speak) is beyond our capacity, for directly we say that it is ages long, we are reminded that it is briefer than the fall of a rose leaf to the ground. Of the two forces which alternately, and what is more confusing still, at the same moment, dominate our unfortunate numbskulls--brevity and diuturnity--Orlando was sometimes under the influence of the elephant-footed deity, then of the gnat-winged fly. Life seemed to him of prodigious length. Yet even so, it went like a flash. But even when it stretched longest and the moments swelled biggest and he seemed to wander alone in deserts of vast eternity, there was no time for the smoothing out and deciphering of those scored parchments which thirty years among men and women had rolled tight in his heart and brain. Long before he had done thinking about Love (the oak tree had put forth its leaves and shaken them to the ground a dozen times in the process) Ambition would jostle it off the field, to be replaced by Friendship or Literature. And as the first question had not been settled--What is Love?--back it would come at the least provocation or none, and hustle Books or Metaphors of What one lives for into the margin, there to wait till they saw their chance to rush into the field again. What made the process still longer was that it was profusely illustrated, not only with pictures, as that of old Queen Elizabeth, laid on her tapestry couch in rose-coloured brocade with an ivory snuff-box in her hand and a gold-hilted sword by her side, but with scents--she was strongly perfumed--and with sounds; the stags were barking in Richmond Park that winter's day. And so, the thought of love would be all ambered over with snow and winter; with log fires burning; with Russian women, gold swords, and the bark of stags; with old King James' slobbering and fireworks and sacks of treasure in the holds of Elizabethan sailing ships. Every single thing, once he tried to dislodge it from its place in his mind, he found thus cumbered with other matter like the lump of glass which, after a year at the bottom of the sea, is grown about with bones and dragon-flies, and coins and the tresses of drowned women.

'Another metaphor by Jupiter!' he would exclaim as he said this (which will show the disorderly and circuitous way in which his mind worked and explain why the oak tree flowered and faded so often before he came to any conclusion about Love). 'And what's the point of it?' he would ask himself. 'Why not say simply in so many words--' and then he would try to think for half an hour,--or was it two years and a half?--how to say simply in so many words what love is. 'A figure like that is manifestly untruthful,' he argued, 'for no dragon-fly, unless under very exceptional circumstances, could live at the bottom of the sea. And if literature is not the Bride and Bedfellow of Truth, what is she? Confound it all,' he cried, 'why say Bedfellow when one's already said Bride? Why not simply say what one means and leave it?'

So then he tried saying the grass is green and the sky is blue and so to propitiate the austere spirit of poetry whom still, though at a great distance, he could not help reverencing. 'The sky is blue,' he said, 'the grass is green.' Looking up, he saw that, on the contrary, the sky is like the veils which a thousand Madonnas have let fall from their hair; and the grass fleets and darkens like a flight of girls fleeing the embraces of hairy satyrs from enchanted woods. 'Upon my word,' he said (for he had fallen into the bad habit of speaking aloud), 'I don't see that one's more true than another. Both are utterly false.' And he despaired of being able to solve the problem of what poetry is and what truth is and fell into a deep dejection.

And here we may profit by a pause in his soliloquy to reflect how odd it was to see Orlando stretched there on his elbow on a June day and to reflect that this fine fellow with all his faculties about him and a healthy body, witness cheeks and limbs--a man who never thought twice about heading a charge or fighting a duel--should be so subject to the lethargy of thought, and rendered so susceptible by it, that when it came to a question of poetry, or his own competence in it, he was as shy as a little girl behind her mother's cottage door. In our belief, Greene's ridicule of his tragedy hurt him as much as the Princess' ridicule of his love. But to return:--

Orlando went on thinking. He kept looking at the grass and at the sky and trying to bethink him what a true poet, who has his verses published in London, would say about them. Memory meanwhile (whose habits have already been described) kept steady before his eyes the face of Nicholas Greene, as if that sardonic loose-lipped man, treacherous as he had proved himself, were the Muse in person, and it was to him that Orlando must do homage. So Orlando, that summer morning, offered him a variety of phrases, some plain, others figured, and Nick Greene kept shaking his head and sneering and muttering something about Glawr and Cicero and the death of poetry in our time. At length, starting to his feet (it was now winter and very cold) Orlando swore one of the most remarkable oaths of his lifetime, for it bound him to a servitude than which none is stricter. 'I'll be blasted', he said, 'if I ever write another word, or try to write another word, to please Nick Greene or the Muse. Bad, good, or indifferent, I'll write, from this day forward, to please myself'; and here he made as if he were tearing a whole budget of papers across and tossing them in the face of that sneering loose-lipped man. Upon which, as a cur ducks if you stoop to shy a stone at him, Memory ducked her effigy of Nick Greene out of sight; and substituted for it--nothing whatever.

But Orlando, all the same, went on thinking. He had indeed much to think of. For when he tore the parchment across, he tore, in one rending, the scrolloping, emblazoned scroll which he had made out in his own favour in the solitude of his room appointing himself, as the King appoints Ambassadors, the first poet of his race, the first writer of his age, conferring eternal immortality upon his soul and granting his body a grave among laurels and the intangible banners of a people's reverence perpetually. Eloquent as this all was, he now tore it up and threw it in the dustbin. 'Fame', he said. 'is like' (and since there was no Nick Greene to stop him, he went on to revel in images of which we will choose only one or two of the quietest) 'a braided coat which hampers the limbs; a jacket of silver which curbs the heart; a painted shield which covers a scarecrow,' etc. etc. The pith of his phrases was that while fame impedes and constricts, obscurity wraps about a man like a mist; obscurity is dark, ample, and free; obscurity lets the mind take its way unimpeded. Over the obscure man is poured the merciful suffusion of darkness. None knows where he goes or comes. He may seek the truth and speak it; he alone is free; he alone is truthful; he alone is at peace. And so he sank into a quiet mood, under the oak tree, the hardness of whose roots, exposed above the ground, seemed to him rather comfortable than otherwise.

Sunk for a long time in profound thoughts as to the value of obscurity, and the delight of having no name, but being like a wave which returns to the deep body of the sea; thinking how obscurity rids the mind of the irk of envy and spite; how it sets running in the veins the free waters of generosity and magnanimity; and allows giving and taking without thanks offered or praise given; which must have been the way of all great poets, he supposed (though his knowledge of Greek was not enough to bear him out), for, he thought, Shakespeare must have written like that, and the church builders built like that, anonymously, needing no thanking or naming, but only their work in the daytime and a little ale perhaps at night--'What an admirable life this is,' he thought, stretching his limbs out under the oak tree. 'And why not enjoy it this very moment?' The thought struck him like a bullet. Ambition dropped like a plummet. Rid of the heart-burn of rejected love, and of vanity rebuked, and all the other stings and pricks which the nettle-bed of life had burnt upon him when ambitious of fame, but could no longer inflict upon one careless of glory, he opened his eyes, which had been wide open all the time, but had seen only thoughts, and saw, lying in the hollow beneath him, his house.

There it lay in the early sunshine of spring. It looked a town rather than a house, but a town built, not hither and thither, as this man wished or that, but circumspectly, by a single architect with one idea in his head. Courts and buildings, grey, red, plum colour, lay orderly and symmetrical; the courts were some of them oblong and some square; in this was a fountain; in that a statue; the buildings were some of them low, some pointed; here was a chapel, there a belfry; spaces of the greenest grass lay in between and clumps of cedar trees and beds of bright flowers; all were clasped--yet so well set out was it that it seemed that every part had room to spread itself fittingly--by the roll of a massive wall; while smoke from innumerable chimneys curled perpetually into the air. This vast, yet ordered building, which could house a thousand men and perhaps two thousand horses, was built, Orlando thought, by workmen whose names are unknown. Here have lived, for more centuries than I can count, the obscure generations of my own obscure family. Not one of these Richards, Johns, Annes, Elizabeths has left a token of himself behind him, yet all, working together with their spades and their needles, their love-making and their child-bearing, have left this.

Never had the house looked more noble and humane.

Why, then, had he wished to raise himself above them? For it seemed vain and arrogant in the extreme to try to better that anonymous work of creation; the labours of those vanished hands. Better was it to go unknown and leave behind you an arch, a potting shed, a wall where peaches ripen, than to burn like a meteor and leave no dust. For after all, he said, kindling as he looked at the great house on the greensward below, the unknown lords and ladies who lived there never forgot to set aside something for those who come after; for the roof that will leak; for the tree that will fall. There was always a warm corner for the old shepherd in the kitchen; always food for the hungry; always their goblets were polished, though they lay sick, and their windows were lit though they lay dying. Lords though they were, they were content to go down into obscurity with the molecatcher and the stone-mason. Obscure noblemen, forgotten builders--thus he apostrophized them with a warmth that entirely gainsaid such critics as called him cold, indifferent, slothful (the truth being that a quality often lies just on the other side of the wall from where we seek it)--thus he apostrophized his house and race in terms of the most moving eloquence; but when it came to the peroration--and what is eloquence that lacks a peroration?--he fumbled. He would have liked to have ended with a flourish to the effect that he would follow in their footsteps and add another stone to their building. Since, however, the building already covered nine acres, to add even a single stone seemed superfluous. Could one mention furniture in a peroration? Could one speak of chairs and tables and mats to lie beside people's beds? For whatever the peroration wanted, that was what the house stood in need of. Leaving his speech unfinished for the moment, he strode down hill again resolved henceforward to devote himself to the furnishing of the mansion. The news--that she was to attend him instantly--brought tears to the eyes of good old Mrs Grimsditch, now grown somewhat old. Together they perambulated the house.

The towel horse in the King's bedroom ('and that was King Jamie, my Lord,' she said, hinting that it was many a day since a King had slept under their roof; but the odious Parliament days were over and there was now a Crown in England again) lacked a leg; there were no stands to the ewers in the little closet leading into the waiting room of the Duchess's page; Mr Greene had made a stain on the carpet with his nasty pipe smoking, which she and Judy, for all their scrubbing, had never been able to wash out. Indeed, when Orlando came to reckon up the matter of furnishing with rosewood chairs and cedar-wood cabinets, with silver basins, china bowls, and Persian carpets, every one of the three hundred and sixty-five bedrooms which the house contained, he saw that it would be no light one; and if some thousands of pounds of his estate remained over, these would do little more than hang a few galleries with tapestry, set the dining hall with fine, carved chairs and provide mirrors of solid silver and chairs of the same metal (for which he had an inordinate passion) for the furnishing of the royal bedchambers.

He now set to work in earnest, as we can prove beyond a doubt if we look at his ledgers. Let us glance at an inventory of what he bought at this time, with the expenses totted up in the margin--but these we omit.

'To fifty pairs of Spanish blankets, ditto curtains of crimson and white taffeta; the valence to them of white satin embroidered with crimson and white silk...

'To seventy yellow satin chairs and sixty stools, suitable with their buckram covers to them all...

'To sixty seven walnut tree tables...

'To seventeen dozen boxes containing each dozen five dozen of Venice glasses...

'To one hundred and two mats, each thirty yards long...

'To ninety seven cushions of crimson damask laid with silver parchment lace and footstools of cloth of tissue and chairs suitable...

'To fifty branches for a dozen lights apiece...'

Already--it is an effect lists have upon us--we are beginning to yawn. But if we stop, it is only that the catalogue is tedious, not that it is finished. There are ninety-nine pages more of it and the total sum disbursed ran into many thousands--that is to say millions of our money. And if his day was spent like this, at night again, Lord Orlando might be found reckoning out what it would cost to level a million molehills, if the men were paid tenpence an hour; and again, how many hundredweight of nails at fivepence halfpenny a gill were needed to repair the fence round the park, which was fifteen miles in circumference. And so on and so on.

The tale, we say, is tedious, for one cupboard is much like another, and one molehill not much different from a million. Some pleasant journeys it cost him; and some fine adventures. As, for instance, when he set a whole city of blind women near Bruges to stitch hangings for a silver canopied bed; and the story of his adventure with a Moor in Venice of whom he bought (but only at the sword's point) his lacquered cabinet, might, in other hands, prove worth the telling. Nor did the work lack variety; for here would come, drawn by teams from Sussex, great trees, to be sawn across and laid along the gallery for flooring; and then a chest from Persia, stuffed with wool and sawdust. from which, at last, he would take a single plate, or one topaz ring.

At length, however, there was no room in the galleries for another table; no room on the tables for another cabinet; no room in the cabinet for another rose-bowl; no room in the bowl for another handful of potpourri; there was no room for anything anywhere; in short the house was furnished. In the garden snowdrops, crocuses, hyacinths, magnolias, roses, lilies, asters, the dahlia in all its varieties, pear trees and apple trees and cherry trees and mulberry trees, with an enormous quantity of rare and flowering shrubs, of trees evergreen and perennial, grew so thick on each other's roots that there was no plot of earth without its bloom, and no stretch of sward without its shade. In addition, he had imported wild fowl with gay plumage; and two Malay bears, the surliness of whose manners concealed, he was certain, trusty hearts.

All now was ready; and when it was evening and the innumerable silver sconces were lit and the light airs which for ever moved about the galleries stirred the blue and green arras, so that it looked as if the huntsmen were riding and Daphne flying; when the silver shone and lacquer glowed and wood kindled; when the carved chairs held their arms out and dolphins swam upon the walls with mermaids on their backs; when all this and much more than all this was complete and to his liking, Orlando walked through the house with his elk hounds following and felt content. He had matter now, he thought, to fill out his peroration. Perhaps it would be well to begin the speech all over again. Yet, as he paraded the galleries he felt that still something was lacking. Chairs and tables, however richly gilt and carved, sofas, resting on lions' paws with swans' necks curving under them, beds even of the softest swansdown are not by themselves enough. People sitting in them, people lying in them improve them amazingly. Accordingly Orlando now began a series of very splendid entertainments to the nobility and gentry of the neighbourhood. The three hundred and sixty-five bedrooms were full for a month at a time. Guests jostled each other on the fifty-two staircases. Three hundred servants bustled about the pantries. Banquets took place almost nightly. Thus, in a very few years, Orlando had worn the nap off his velvet, and spent the half of his fortune; but he had earned the good opinion of his neighbours. held a score of offices in the county, and was annually presented with perhaps a dozen volumes dedicated to his Lordship in rather fulsome terms by grateful poets. For though he was careful not to consort with writers at that time and kept himself always aloof from ladies of foreign blood, still, he was excessively generous both to women and to poets, and both adored him.

But when the feasting was at its height and his guests were at their revels, he was apt to take himself off to his private room alone. There when the door was shut, and he was certain of privacy, he would have out an old writing book, stitched together with silk stolen from his mother's workbox, and labelled in a round schoolboy hand, 'The Oak Tree, A Poem'. In this he would write till midnight chimed and long after. But as he scratched out as many lines as he wrote in, the sum of them was often, at the end of the year, rather less than at the beginning, and it looked as if in the process of writing the poem would be completely unwritten. For it is for the historian of letters to remark that he had changed his style amazingly. His floridity was chastened; his abundance curbed; the age of prose was congealing those warm fountains. The very landscape outside was less stuck about with garlands and the briars themselves were less thorned and intricate. Perhaps the senses were a little duller and honey and cream less seductive to the palate. Also that the streets were better drained and the houses better lit had its effect upon the style, it cannot be doubted.

One day he was adding a line or two with enormous labour to 'The Oak Tree, A Poem', when a shadow crossed the tail of his eye. It was no shadow, he soon saw, but the figure of a very tall lady in riding hood and mantle crossing the quadrangle on which his room looked out. As this was the most private of the courts, and the lady was a stranger to him, Orlando marvelled how she had got there. Three days later the same apparition appeared again; and on Wednesday noon appeared once more. This time, Orlando was determined to follow her, nor apparently was she afraid to be found, for she slackened her steps as he came up and looked him full in the face. Any other woman thus caught in a Lord's private grounds would have been afraid; any other woman with that face, head-dress, and aspect would have thrown her mantilla across her shoulders to hide it. For this lady resembled nothing so much as a hare; a hare startled, but obdurate; a hare whose timidity is overcome by an immense and foolish audacity; a hare that sits upright and glowers at its pursuer with great, bulging eyes; with ears erect but quivering, with nose pointed, but twitching. This hare, moreover, was six feet high and wore a head-dress into the bargain of some antiquated kind which made her look still taller. Thus confronted, she stared at Orlando with a stare in which timidity and audacity were most strangely combined.

First, she asked him, with a proper, but somewhat clumsy curtsey, to forgive her her intrusion. Then, rising to her full height again, which must have been something over six feet two, she went on to say--but with such a cackle of nervous laughter, so much tee-heeing and haw-hawing that Orlando thought she must have escaped from a lunatic asylum--that she was the Archduchess Harriet Griselda of Finster-Aarhorn and Scand-op-Boom in the Roumanian territory. She desired above all things to make his acquaintance, she said. She had taken lodging over a baker's shop at the Park Gates. She had seen his picture and it was the image of a sister of hers who was--here she guffawed--long since dead. She was visiting the English court. The Queen was her Cousin. The King was a very good fellow but seldom went to bed sober. Here she tee-heed and haw-hawed again. In short, there was nothing for it but to ask her in and give her a glass of wine.

Indoors, her manners regained the hauteur natural to a Roumanian Archduchess; and had she not shown a knowledge of wines rare in a lady, and made some observations upon firearms and the customs of sportsmen in her country, which were sensible enough, the talk would have lacked spontaneity. Jumping to her feet at last, she announced that she would call the following day, swept another prodigious curtsey and departed. The following day, Orlando rode out. The next, he turned his back; on the third he drew his curtain. On the fourth it rained, and as he could not keep a lady in the wet, nor was altogether averse to company, he invited her in and asked her opinion whether a suit of armour, which belonged to an ancestor of his, was the work of Jacobi or of Topp. He inclined to Topp. She held another opinion--it matters very little which. But it is of some importance to the course of our story that, in illustrating her argument, which had to do with the working of the tie pieces, the Archduchess Harriet took the golden shin case and fitted it to Orlando's leg.

That he had a pair of the shapliest legs that any Nobleman has ever stood upright upon has already been said.

Perhaps something in the way she fastened the ankle buckle; or her stooping posture; or Orlando's long seclusion; or the natural sympathy which is between the sexes; or the Burgundy; or the fire--any of these causes may have been to blame; for certainly blame there is on one side or another, when a Nobleman of Orlando's breeding, entertaining a lady in his house, and she his elder by many years, with a face a yard long and staring eyes, dressed somewhat ridiculously too, in a mantle and riding cloak though the season was warm--blame there is when such a Nobleman is so suddenly and violently overcome by passion of some sort that he has to leave the room.

But what sort of passion, it may well be asked, could this be? And the answer is double faced as Love herself. For Love--but leaving Love out of the argument for a moment, the actual event was this:

When the Archduchess Harriet Griselda stooped to fasten the buckle, Orlando heard, suddenly and unaccountably, far off the beating of Love's wings. The distant stir of that soft plumage roused in him a thousand memories of rushing waters, of loveliness in the snow and faithlessness in the flood; and the sound came nearer; and he blushed and trembled; and he was moved as he had thought never to be moved again; and he was ready to raise his hands and let the bird of beauty alight upon his shoulders, when--horror!--a creaking sound like that the crows make tumbling over the trees began to reverberate; the air seemed dark with coarse black wings; voices croaked; bits of straw, twigs, and feathers dropped; and there pitched down upon his shoulders the heaviest and foulest of the birds; which is the vulture. Thus he rushed from the room and sent the footman to see the Archduchess Harriet to her carriage.

For Love, to which we may now return, has two faces; one white, the other black; two bodies; one smooth, the other hairy. It has two hands, two feet, two nails, two, indeed, of every member and each one is the exact opposite of the other. Yet, so strictly are they joined together that you cannot separate them. In this case, Orlando's love began her flight towards him with her white face turned, and her smooth and lovely body outwards. Nearer and nearer she came wafting before her airs of pure delight. All of a sudden (at the sight of the Archduchess presumably) she wheeled about, turned the other way round; showed herself black, hairy, brutish; and it was Lust the vulture, not Love, the Bird of Paradise, that flopped, foully and disgustingly, upon his shoulders. Hence he ran; hence he fetched the footman.

But the harpy is not so easily banished as all that. Not only did the Archduchess continue to lodge at the Baker's, but Orlando was haunted every day and night by phantoms of the foulest kind. Vainly, it seemed, had he furnished his house with silver and hung the walls with arras, when at any moment a dung-bedraggled fowl could settle upon his writing table. There she was, flopping about among the chairs; he saw her waddling ungracefully across the galleries. Now, she perched, top heavy upon a fire screen. When he chased her out, back she came and pecked at the glass till she broke it.

Thus realizing that his home was uninhabitable, and that steps must be taken to end the matter instantly, he did what any other young man would have done in his place, and asked King Charles to send him as Ambassador Extraordinary to Constantinople. The King was walking in Whitehall. Nell Gwyn was on his arm. She was pelting him with hazel nuts. 'Twas a thousand pities, that amorous lady sighed, that such a pair of legs should leave the country.

Howbeit, the Fates were hard; she could do no more than toss one kiss over her shoulder before Orlando sailed.

CHAPTER 3.

It is, indeed, highly unfortunate, and much to be regretted that at this stage of Orlando's career, when he played a most important part in the public life of his country, we have least information to go upon. We know that he discharged his duties to admiration--witness his Bath and his Dukedom. We know that he had a finger in some of the most delicate negotiations between King Charles and the Turks--to that, treaties in the vault of the Record Office bear testimony. But the revolution which broke out during his period of office, and the fire which followed, have so damaged or destroyed all those papers from which any trustworthy record could be drawn, that what we can give is lamentably incomplete. Often the paper was scorched a deep brown in the middle of the most important sentence. Just when we thought to elucidate a secret that has puzzled historians for a hundred years, there was a hole in the manuscript big enough to put your finger through. We have done our best to piece out a meagre summary from the charred fragments that remain; but often it has been necessary to speculate, to surmise, and even to use the imagination.

Orlando's day was passed, it would seem, somewhat in this fashion. About seven, he would rise, wrap himself in a long Turkish cloak, light a cheroot, and lean his elbows on the parapet. Thus he would stand, gazing at the city beneath him, apparently entranced. At this hour the mist would lie so thick that the domes of Santa Sofia and the rest would seem to be afloat; gradually the mist would uncover them; the bubbles would be seen to be firmly fixed; there would be the river; there the Galata Bridge; there the green-turbaned pilgrims without eyes or noses, begging alms; there the pariah dogs picking up offal; there the shawled women; there the innumerable donkeys; there men on horses carrying long poles. Soon, the whole town would be astir with the cracking of whips, the beating of gongs, cryings to prayer, lashing of mules, and rattle of brass-bound wheels, while sour odours, made from bread fermenting and incense, and spice, rose even to the heights of Pera itself and seemed the very breath of the strident multi-coloured and barbaric population.

Nothing, he reflected, gazing at the view which was now sparkling in the sun, could well be less like the counties of Surrey and Kent or the towns of London and Tunbridge Wells. To the right and left rose in bald and stony prominence the inhospitable Asian mountains, to which the arid castle of a robber chief or two might hang; but parsonage there was none, nor manor house, nor cottage, nor oak, elm, violet, ivy, or wild eglantine. There were no hedges for ferns to grow on, and no fields for sheep to graze. The houses were white as egg-shells and as bald. That he, who was English root and fibre, should yet exult to the depths of his heart in this wild panorama, and gaze and gaze at those passes and far heights planning journeys there alone on foot where only the goat and shepherd had gone before; should feel a passion of affection for the bright, unseasonable flowers, love the unkempt pariah dogs beyond even his elk hounds at home, and snuff the acrid, sharp smell of the streets eagerly into his nostrils, surprised him. He wondered if, in the season of the Crusades, one of his ancestors had taken up with a Circassian peasant woman; thought it possible; fancied a certain darkness in his complexion; and, going indoors again, withdrew to his bath.

An hour later, properly scented, curled, and anointed, he would receive visits from secretaries and other high officials carrying, one after another, red boxes which yielded only to his own golden key. Within were papers of the highest importance, of which only fragments, here a flourish, there a seal firmly attached to a piece of burnt silk, now remain. Of their contents then, we cannot speak, but can only testify that Orlando was kept busy, what with his wax and seals, his various coloured ribbons which had to be diversely attached, his engrossing of titles and making of flourishes round capital letters, till luncheon came--a splendid meal of perhaps thirty courses.

After luncheon, lackeys announced that his coach and six was at the door, and he went, preceded by purple Janissaries running on foot and waving great ostrich feather fans above their heads, to call upon the other ambassadors and dignitaries of state. The ceremony was always the same. On reaching the courtyard, the Janissaries struck with their fans upon the main portal, which immediately flew open revealing a large chamber, splendidly furnished. Here were seated two figures, generally of the opposite sexes. Profound bows and curtseys were exchanged. In the first room, it was permissible only to mention the weather. Having said that it was fine or wet, hot or cold, the Ambassador then passed on to the next chamber, where again, two figures rose to greet him. Here it was only permissible to compare Constantinople as a place of residence with London; and the Ambassador naturally said that he preferred Constantinople, and his hosts naturally said, though they had not seen it, that they preferred London. In the next chamber, King Charles's and the Sultan's healths had to be discussed at some length. In the next were discussed the Ambassador's health and that of his host's wife, but more briefly. In the next the Ambassador complimented his host upon his furniture, and the host complimented the Ambassador upon his dress. In the next, sweet meats were offered, the host deploring their badness, the Ambassador extolling their goodness. The ceremony ended at length with the smoking of a hookah and the drinking of a glass of coffee; but though the motions of smoking and drinking were gone through punctiliously there was neither tobacco in the pipe nor coffee in the glass, as, had either smoke or drink been real, the human frame would have sunk beneath the surfeit. For, no sooner had the Ambassador despatched one such visit, than another had to be undertaken. The same ceremonies were gone through in precisely the same order six or seven times over at the houses of the other great officials, so that it was often late at night before the Ambassador reached home. Though Orlando performed these tasks to admiration and never denied that they are, perhaps, the most important part of a diplomatist's duties, he was undoubtedly fatigued by them, and often depressed to such a pitch of gloom that he preferred to take his dinner alone with his dogs. To them, indeed, he might be heard talking in his own tongue. And sometimes, it is said, he would pass out of his own gates late at night so disguised that the sentries did not know him. Then he would mingle with the crowd on the Galata Bridge; or stroll through the bazaars; or throw aside his shoes and join the worshippers in the Mosques. Once, when it was given out that he was ill of a fever, shepherds, bringing their goats to market, reported that they had met an English Lord on the mountain top and heard him praying to his God. This was thought to be Orlando himself, and his prayer was, no doubt, a poem said aloud, for it was known that he still carried about with him, in the bosom of his cloak, a much scored manuscript; and servants, listening at the door, heard the Ambassador chanting something in an odd, sing-song voice when he was alone.

It is with fragments such as these that we must do our best to make up a picture of Orlando's life and character at this time. There exist, even to this day, rumours, legends, anecdotes of a floating and unauthenticated kind about Orlando's life in Constantinople--(we have quoted but a few of them) which go to prove that he possessed, now that he was in the prime of life, the power to stir the fancy and rivet the eye which will keep a memory green long after all that more durable qualities can do to preserve it is forgotten. The power is a mysterious one compounded of beauty, birth, and some rarer gift, which we may call glamour and have done with it. 'A million candles', as Sasha had said, burnt in him without his being at the trouble of lighting a single one. He moved like a stag, without any need to think about his legs. He spoke in his ordinary voice and echo beat a silver gong. Hence rumours gathered round him. He became the adored of many women and some men. It was not necessary that they should speak to him or even that they should see him; they conjured up before them especially when the scenery was romantic, or the sun was setting, the figure of a noble gentleman in silk stockings. Upon the poor and uneducated, he had the same power as upon the rich. Shepherds, gipsies, donkey drivers, still sing songs about the English Lord 'who dropped his emeralds in the well', which undoubtedly refer to Orlando, who once, it seems, tore his jewels from him in a moment of rage or intoxication and flung them in a fountain; whence they were fished by a page boy. But this romantic power, it is well known, is often associated with a nature of extreme reserve. Orlando seems to have made no friends. As far as is known, he formed no attachments. A certain great lady came all the way from England in order to be near him, and pestered him with her attentions, but he continued to discharge his duties so indefatigably that he had not been Ambassador at the Horn for more than two years and a half before King Charles signified his intention of raising him to the highest rank in the peerage. The envious said that this was Nell Gwyn's tribute to the memory of a leg. But, as she had seen him once only, and was then busily engaged in pelting her royal master with nutshells, it is likely that it was his merits that won him his Dukedom, not his calves.

Here we must pause, for we have reached a moment of great significance in his career. For the conferring of the Dukedom was the occasion of a very famous, and indeed, much disputed incident, which we must now describe, picking our way among burnt papers and little bits of tape as best we may. It was at the end of the great fast of Ramadan that the Order of the Bath and the patent of nobility arrived in a frigate commanded by Sir Adrian Scrope; and Orlando made this the occasion for an entertainment more splendid than any that has been known before or since in Constantinople. The night was fine; the crowd immense, and the windows of the Embassy brilliantly illuminated. Again, details are lacking, for the fire had its way with all such records, and has left only tantalizing fragments which leave the most important points obscure. From the diary of John Fenner Brigge, however, an English naval officer, who was among the guests, we gather that people of all nationalities 'were packed like herrings in a barrel' in the courtyard. The crowd pressed so unpleasantly close that Brigge soon climbed into a Judas tree, the better to observe the proceedings. The rumour had got about among the natives (and here is additional proof of Orlando's mysterious power over the imagination) that some kind of miracle was to be performed. 'Thus,' writes Brigge (but his manuscript is full of burns and holes, some sentences being quite illegible), 'when the rockets began to soar into the air, there was considerable uneasiness among us lest the native population should be seized...fraught with unpleasant consequences to all...English ladies in the company, I own that my hand went to my cutlass. Happily,' he continues in his somewhat long-winded style, 'these fears seemed, for the moment, groundless and, observing the demeanour of the natives...I came to the conclusion that this demonstration of our skill in the art of pyrotechny was valuable, if only because it impressed upon them...the superiority of the British...Indeed, the sight was one of indescribable magnificence. I found myself alternately praising the Lord that he had permitted...and wishing that my poor, dear mother...By the Ambassador's orders, the long windows, which are so imposing a feature of Eastern architecture, for though ignorant in many ways...were thrown wide; and within, we could see a tableau vivant or theatrical display in which English ladies and gentlemen...represented a masque the work of one...The words were inaudible, but the sight of so many of our countrymen and women, dressed with the highest elegance and distinction...moved me to emotions of which I am certainly not ashamed, though unable...I was intent upon observing the astonishing conduct of Lady--which was of a nature to fasten the eyes of all upon her, and to bring discredit upon her sex and country, when'--unfortunately a branch of the Judas tree broke, Lieutenant Brigge fell to the ground, and the rest of the entry records only his gratitude to Providence (who plays a very large part in the diary) and the exact nature of his injuries.

Happily, Miss Penelope Hartopp, daughter of the General of that name, saw the scene from inside and carries on the tale in a letter, much defaced too, which ultimately reached a female friend at Tunbridge Wells. Miss Penelope was no less lavish in her enthusiasm than the gallant officer. 'Ravishing,' she exclaims ten times on one page, 'wondrous...utterly beyond description...gold plate...candelabras...negroes in plush breeches... pyramids of ice...fountains of negus...jellies made to represent His Majesty's ships...swans made to represent water lilies...birds in golden cages...gentlemen in slashed crimson velvet...Ladies' headdresses AT LEAST six foot high...musical boxes....Mr Peregrine said I looked QUITE lovely which I only repeat to you, my dearest, because I know...Oh! how I longed for you all!...surpassing anything we have seen at the Pantiles...oceans to drink...some gentlemen overcome...Lady Betty ravishing....Poor Lady Bonham made the unfortunate mistake of sitting down without a chair beneath her...Gentlemen all very gallant...wished a thousand times for you and dearest Betsy...But the sight of all others, the cynosure of all eyes...as all admitted, for none could be so vile as to deny it, was the Ambassador himself. Such a leg! Such a countenance!! Such princely manners!!! To see him come into the room! To see him go out again! And something INTERESTING in the expression, which makes one feel, one scarcely knows why, that he has SUFFERED! They say a lady was the cause of it. The heartless monster!!! How can one of our REPUTED TENDER SEX have had the effrontery!!! He is unmarried, and half the ladies in the place are wild for love of him...A thousand, thousand kisses to Tom, Gerry, Peter, and dearest Mew' [presumably her cat].

From the Gazette of the time, we gather that 'as the clock struck twelve, the Ambassador appeared on the centre Balcony which was hung with priceless rugs. Six Turks of the Imperial Body Guard, each over six foot in height, held torches to his right and left. Rockets rose into the air at his appearance, and a great shout went up from the people, which the Ambassador acknowledged, bowing deeply, and speaking a few words of thanks in the Turkish language, which it was one of his accomplishments to speak with fluency. Next, Sir Adrian Scrope, in the full dress of a British Admiral, advanced; the Ambassador knelt on one knee; the Admiral placed the Collar of the Most Noble Order of the Bath round his neck, then pinned the Star to his breast; after which another gentleman of the diplomatic corps advancing in a stately manner placed on his shoulders the ducal robes, and handed him on a crimson cushion, the ducal coronet.'

At length, with a gesture of extraordinary majesty and grace, first bowing profoundly, then raising himself proudly erect, Orlando took the golden circlet of strawberry leaves and placed it, with a gesture which none that saw it ever forgot, upon his brows. It was at this point that the first disturbance began. Either the people had expected a miracle--some say a shower of gold was prophesied to fall from the skies--which did not happen, or this was the signal chosen for the attack to begin; nobody seems to know; but as the coronet settled on Orlando's brows a great uproar rose. Bells began ringing; the harsh cries of the prophets were heard above the shouts of the people; many Turks fell flat to the ground and touched the earth with their foreheads. A door burst open. The natives pressed into the banqueting rooms. Women shrieked. A certain lady, who was said to be dying for love of Orlando, seized a candelabra and dashed it to the ground. What might not have happened, had it not been for the presence of Sir Adrian Scrope and a squad of British bluejackets, nobody can say. But the Admiral ordered the bugles to be sounded; a hundred bluejackets stood instantly at attention; the disorder was quelled, and quiet, at least for the time being, fell upon the scene.

So far, we are on the firm, if rather narrow, ground of ascertained truth. But nobody has ever known exactly what took place later that night. The testimony of the sentries and others seems, however, to prove that the Embassy was empty of company, and shut up for the night in the usual way by two A.M. The Ambassador was seen to go to his room, still wearing the insignia of his rank, and shut the door. Some say he locked it, which was against his custom. Others maintain that they heard music of a rustic kind, such as shepherds play, later that night in the courtyard under the Ambassador's window. A washer-woman, who was kept awake by toothache, said that she saw a man's figure, wrapped in a cloak or dressing gown, come out upon the balcony. Then, she said, a woman, much muffled, but apparently of the peasant class, was drawn up by means of a rope which the man let down to her on to the balcony. There, the washer-woman said, they embraced passionately 'like lovers', and went into the room together, drawing the curtains so that no more could be seen.

Next morning, the Duke, as we must now call him, was found by his secretaries sunk in profound slumber amid bed clothes that were much tumbled. The room was in some disorder, his coronet having rolled on the floor, and his cloak and garter being flung all of a heap on a chair. The table was littered with papers. No suspicion was felt at first, as the fatigues of the night had been great. But when afternoon came and he still slept, a doctor was summoned. He applied remedies which had been used on the previous occasion, plasters, nettles, emetics, etc., but without success. Orlando slept on. His secretaries then thought it their duty to examine the papers on the table. Many were scribbled over with poetry, in which frequent mention was made of an oak tree. There were also various state papers and others of a private nature concerning the management of his estates in England. But at length they came upon a document of far greater significance. It was nothing less, indeed, than a deed of marriage, drawn up, signed, and witnessed between his Lordship, Orlando, Knight of the Garter, etc., etc., etc., and Rosina Pepita, a dancer, father unknown, but reputed a gipsy, mother also unknown but reputed a seller of old iron in the market-place over against the Galata Bridge. The secretaries looked at each other in dismay. And still Orlando slept. Morning and evening they watched him, but, save that his breathing was regular and his cheeks still flushed their habitual deep rose, he gave no sign of life. Whatever science or ingenuity could do to waken him they did. But still he slept.

On the seventh day of his trance (Thursday, May the 10th) the first shot was fired of that terrible and bloody insurrection of which Lieutenant Brigge had detected the first symptoms. The Turks rose against the Sultan, set fire to the town, and put every foreigner they could find, either to the sword or to the bastinado. A few English managed to escape; but, as might have been expected, the gentlemen of the British Embassy preferred to die in defence of their red boxes, or, in extreme cases, to swallow bunches of keys rather than let them fall into the hands of the Infidel. The rioters broke into Orlando's room, but seeing him stretched to all appearances dead they left him untouched, and only robbed him of his coronet and the robes of the Garter.

And now again obscurity descends, and would indeed that it were deeper! Would, we almost have it in our hearts to exclaim, that it were so deep that we could see nothing whatever through its opacity! Would that we might here take the pen and write Finis to our work! Would that we might spare the reader what is to come and say to him in so many words, Orlando died and was buried. But here, alas, Truth, Candour, and Honesty, the austere Gods who keep watch and ward by the inkpot of the biographer, cry No! Putting their silver trumpets to their lips they demand in one blast, Truth! And again they cry Truth! and sounding yet a third time in concert they peal forth, The Truth and nothing but the Truth!

At which--Heaven be praised! for it affords us a breathing space--the doors gently open, as if a breath of the gentlest and holiest zephyr had wafted them apart, and three figures enter. First, comes our Lady of Purity; whose brows are bound with fillets of the whitest lamb's wool; whose hair is as an avalanche of the driven snow; and in whose hand reposes the white quill of a virgin goose. Following her, but with a statelier step, comes our Lady of Chastity; on whose brow is set like a turret of burning but unwasting fire a diadem of icicles; her eyes are pure stars, and her fingers, if they touch you, freeze you to the bone. Close behind her, sheltering indeed in the shadow of her more stately sisters, comes our Lady of Modesty, frailest and fairest of the three; whose face is only shown as the young moon shows when it is thin and sickle shaped and half hidden among clouds. Each advances towards the centre of the room where Orlando still lies sleeping; and with gestures at once appealing and commanding, OUR LADY OF PURITY speaks first:

'I am the guardian of the sleeping fawn; the snow is dear to me; and the moon rising; and the silver sea. With my robes I cover the speckled hen's eggs and the brindled sea shell; I cover vice and poverty. On all things frail or dark or doubtful, my veil descends. Wherefore, speak not, reveal not. Spare, O spare!'

Here the trumpets peal forth.

'Purity Avaunt! Begone Purity!'

Then OUR LADY OF CHASTITY speaks:

'I am she whose touch freezes and whose glance turns to stone. I have stayed the star in its dancing, and the wave as it falls. The highest Alps are my dwelling place; and when I walk, the lightnings flash in my hair; where my eyes fall, they kill. Rather than let Orlando wake, I will freeze him to the bone. Spare, O spare!'

Here the trumpets peal forth.

'Chastity Avaunt! Begone Chastity!'

Then OUR LADY OF MODESTY speaks, so low that one can hardly hear:

'I am she that men call Modesty. Virgin I am and ever shall be. Not for me the fruitful fields and the fertile vineyard. Increase is odious to me; and when the apples burgeon or the flocks breed, I run, I run; I let my mantle fall. My hair covers my eyes. I do not see. Spare, O spare!'

Again the trumpets peal forth:

'Modesty Avaunt! Begone Modesty!'

With gestures of grief and lamentation the three sisters now join hands and dance slowly, tossing their veils and singing as they go:

'Truth come not out from your horrid den. Hide deeper, fearful Truth. For you flaunt in the brutal gaze of the sun things that were better unknown and undone; you unveil the shameful; the dark you make clear, Hide! Hide! Hide!'

Here they make as if to cover Orlando with their draperies. The trumpets, meanwhile, still blare forth,

'The Truth and nothing but the Truth.'

At this the Sisters try to cast their veils over the mouths of the trumpets so as to muffle them, but in vain, for now all the trumpets blare forth together,

'Horrid Sisters, go!'

The sisters become distracted and wail in unison, still circling and flinging their veils up and down.

'It has not always been so! But men want us no longer; the women detest us. We go; we go. I (PURITY SAYS THIS) to the hen roost. I (CHASTITY SAYS THIS) to the still unravished heights of Surrey. I (MODESTY SAYS THIS) to any cosy nook where there are ivy and curtains in plenty.'

'For there, not here (all speak together joining hands and making gestures of farewell and despair towards the bed where Orlando lies sleeping) dwell still in nest and boudoir, office and lawcourt those who love us; those who honour us, virgins and city men; lawyers and doctors; those who prohibit; those who deny; those who reverence without knowing why; those who praise without understanding; the still very numerous (Heaven be praised) tribe of the respectable; who prefer to see not; desire to know not; love the darkness; those still worship us, and with reason; for we have given them Wealth, Prosperity, Comfort, Ease. To them we go, you we leave. Come, Sisters, come! This is no place for us here.'

They retire in haste, waving their draperies over their heads, as if to shut out something that they dare not look upon and close the door behind them.

We are, therefore, now left entirely alone in the room with the sleeping Orlando and the trumpeters. The trumpeters, ranging themselves side by side in order, blow one terrific blast:--

'THE TRUTH!

at which Orlando woke.

He stretched himself. He rose. He stood upright in complete nakedness before us, and while the trumpets pealed Truth! Truth! Truth! we have no choice left but confess--he was a woman.

***

The sound of the trumpets died away and Orlando stood stark naked. No human being, since the world began, has ever looked more ravishing. His form combined in one the strength of a man and a woman's grace. As he stood there, the silver trumpets prolonged their note, as if reluctant to leave the lovely sight which their blast had called forth; and Chastity, Purity, and Modesty, inspired, no doubt, by Curiosity, peeped in at the door and threw a garment like a towel at the naked form which, unfortunately, fell short by several inches. Orlando looked himself up and down in a long looking-glass, without showing any signs of discomposure, and went, presumably, to his bath.

We may take advantage of this pause in the narrative to make certain statements. Orlando had become a woman--there is no denying it. But in every other respect, Orlando remained precisely as he had been. The change of sex, though it altered their future, did nothing whatever to alter their identity. Their faces remained, as their portraits prove, practically the same. His memory--but in future we must, for convention's sake, say 'her' for 'his,' and 'she' for 'he'--her memory then, went back through all the events of her past life without encountering any obstacle. Some slight haziness there may have been, as if a few dark drops had fallen into the clear pool of memory; certain things had become a little dimmed; but that was all. The change seemed to have been accomplished painlessly and completely and in such a way that Orlando herself showed no surprise at it. Many people, taking this into account, and holding that such a change of sex is against nature, have been at great pains to prove (1) that Orlando had always been a woman, (2) that Orlando is at this moment a man. Let biologists and psychologists determine. It is enough for us to state the simple fact; Orlando was a man till the age of thirty; when he became a woman and has remained so ever since.

But let other pens treat of sex and sexuality; we quit such odious subjects as soon as we can. Orlando had now washed, and dressed herself in those Turkish coats and trousers which can be worn indifferently by either sex; and was forced to consider her position. That it was precarious and embarrassing in the extreme must be the first thought of every reader who has followed her story with sympathy. Young, noble, beautiful, she had woken to find herself in a position than which we can conceive none more delicate for a young lady of rank. We should not have blamed her had she rung the bell, screamed, or fainted. But Orlando showed no such signs of perturbation. All her actions were deliberate in the extreme, and might indeed have been thought to show tokens of premeditation. First, she carefully examined the papers on the table; took such as seemed to be written in poetry, and secreted them in her bosom; next she called her Seleuchi hound, which had never left her bed all these days, though half famished with hunger, fed and combed him; then stuck a pair of pistols in her belt; finally wound about her person several strings of emeralds and pearls of the finest orient which had formed part of her Ambassadorial wardrobe. This done, she leant out of the window, gave one low whistle, and descended the shattered and bloodstained staircase, now strewn with the litter of waste-paper baskets, treaties, despatches, seals, sealing wax, etc., and so entered the courtyard. There, in the shadow of a giant fig tree, waited an old gipsy on a donkey. He led another by the bridle. Orlando swung her leg over it; and thus, attended by a lean dog, riding a donkey, in company of a gipsy, the Ambassador of Great Britain at the Court of the Sultan left Constantinople.

They rode for several days and nights and met with a variety of adventures, some at the hands of men, some at the hands of nature, in all of which Orlando acquitted herself with courage. Within a week they reached the high ground outside Broussa, which was then the chief camping ground of the gipsy tribe to which Orlando had allied herself. Often she had looked at those mountains from her balcony at the Embassy; often had longed to be there; and to find oneself where one has longed to be always, to a reflective mind, gives food for thought. For some time, however, she was too well pleased with the change to spoil it by thinking. The pleasure of having no documents to seal or sign, no flourishes to make, no calls to pay, was enough. The gipsies followed the grass; when it was grazed down, on they moved again. She washed in streams if she washed at all; no boxes, red, blue, or green, were presented to her; there was not a key, let alone a golden key, in the whole camp; as for 'visiting', the word was unknown. She milked the goats; she collected brushwood; she stole a hen's egg now and then, but always put a coin or a pearl in place of it; she herded cattle; she stripped vines; she trod the grape; she filled the goat-skin and drank from it; and when she remembered how, at about this time of day, she should have been making the motions of drinking and smoking over an empty coffee-cup and a pipe which lacked tobacco, she laughed aloud, cut herself another hunch of bread, and begged for a puff from old Rustum's pipe, filled though it was with cow dung.

The gipsies, with whom it is obvious that she must have been in secret communication before the revolution, seem to have looked upon her as one of themselves (which is always the highest compliment a people can pay), and her dark hair and dark complexion bore out the belief that she was, by birth, one of them and had been snatched by an English Duke from a nut tree when she was a baby and taken to that barbarous land where people live in houses because they are too feeble and diseased to stand the open air. Thus, though in many ways inferior to them, they were willing to help her to become more like them; taught her their arts of cheese-making and basket-weaving, their science of stealing and bird-snaring, and were even prepared to consider letting her marry among them.

But Orlando had contracted in England some of the customs or diseases (whatever you choose to consider them) which cannot, it seems, be expelled. One evening, when they were all sitting round the camp fire and the sunset was blazing over the Thessalian hills, Orlando exclaimed:

'How good to eat!'

(The gipsies have no word for 'beautiful'. This is the nearest.)

All the young men and women burst out laughing uproariously. The sky good to eat, indeed! The elders, however, who had seen more of foreigners than they had, became suspicious. They noticed that Orlando often sat for whole hours doing nothing whatever, except look here and then there; they would come upon her on some hill-top staring straight in front of her, no matter whether the goats were grazing or straying. They began to suspect that she had other beliefs than their own, and the older men and women thought it probable that she had fallen into the clutches of the vilest and cruellest among all the Gods, which is Nature. Nor were they far wrong. The English disease, a love of Nature, was inborn in her, and here, where Nature was so much larger and more powerful than in England, she fell into its hands as she had never done before. The malady is too well known, and has been, alas, too often described to need describing afresh, save very briefly. There were mountains; there were valleys; there were streams. She climbed the mountains; roamed the valleys; sat on the banks of the streams. She likened the hills to ramparts, to the breasts of doves, and the flanks of kine. She compared the flowers to enamel and the turf to Turkey rugs worn thin. Trees were withered hags, and sheep were grey boulders. Everything, in fact, was something else. She found the tarn on the mountain-top and almost threw herself in to seek the wisdom she thought lay hid there; and when, from the mountain-top, she beheld far off, across the Sea of Marmara, the plains of Greece, and made out (her eyes were admirable) the Acropolis with a white streak or two, which must, she thought, be the Parthenon, her soul expanded with her eyeballs, and she prayed that she might share the majesty of the hills, know the serenity of the plains, etc. etc., as all such believers do. Then, looking down, the red hyacinth, the purple iris wrought her to cry out in ecstasy at the goodness, the beauty of nature; raising her eyes again, she beheld the eagle soaring, and imagined its raptures and made them her own. Returning home, she saluted each star, each peak, and each watch-fire as if they signalled to her alone; and at last, when she flung herself upon her mat in the gipsies' tent, she could not help bursting out again, How good to eat! How good to eat! (For it is a curious fact that though human beings have such imperfect means of communication, that they can only say 'good to eat' when they mean 'beautiful' and the other way about, they will yet endure ridicule and misunderstanding rather than keep any experience to themselves.) All the young gipsies laughed. But Rustum el Sadi, the old man who had brought Orlando out of Constantinople on his donkey, sat silent. He had a nose like a scimitar; his cheeks were furrowed as if from the age-long descent of iron hail; he was brown and keen-eyed, and as he sat tugging at his hookah he observed Orlando narrowly. He had the deepest suspicion that her God was Nature. One day he found her in tears. Interpreting this to mean that her God had punished her, he told her that he was not surprised. He showed her the fingers of his left hand, withered by the frost; he showed her his right foot, crushed where a rock had fallen. This, he said, was what her God did to men. When she said, 'But so beautiful', using the English word, he shook his head; and when she repeated it he was angry. He saw that she did not believe what he believed, and that was enough, wise and ancient as he was, to enrage him.

This difference of opinion disturbed Orlando, who had been perfectly happy until now. She began to think, was Nature beautiful or cruel; and then she asked herself what this beauty was; whether it was in things themselves, or only in herself; so she went on to the nature of reality, which led her to truth, which in its turn led to Love, Friendship, Poetry (as in the days on the high mound at home); which meditations, since she could impart no word of them, made her long, as she had never longed before, for pen and ink.

'Oh! if only I could write!' she cried (for she had the odd conceit of those who write that words written are shared). She had no ink; and but little paper. But she made ink from berries and wine; and finding a few margins and blank spaces in the manuscript of 'The Oak Tree', managed by writing a kind of shorthand, to describe the scenery in a long, blank verse poem, and to carry on a dialogue with herself about this Beauty and Truth concisely enough. This kept her extremely happy for hours on end. But the gipsies became suspicious. First, they noticed that she was less adept than before at milking and cheese-making; next, she often hesitated before replying; and once a gipsy boy who had been asleep, woke in a terror feeling her eyes upon him. Sometimes this constraint would be felt by the whole tribe, numbering some dozens of grown men and women. It sprang from the sense they had (and their senses are very sharp and much in advance of their vocabulary) that whatever they were doing crumbled like ashes in their hands. An old woman making a basket, a boy skinning a sheep, would be singing or crooning contentedly at their work, when Orlando would come into the camp, fling herself down by the fire and gaze into the flames. She need not even look at them, and yet they felt, here is someone who doubts; (we make a rough-and-ready translation from the gipsy language) here is someone who does not do the thing for the sake of doing; nor looks for looking's sake; here is someone who believes neither in sheep-skin nor basket; but sees (here they looked apprehensively about the tent) something else. Then a vague but most unpleasant feeling would begin to work in the boy and in the old woman. They broke their withys; they cut their fingers. A great rage filled them. They wished Orlando would leave the tent and never come near them again. Yet she was of a cheerful and willing disposition, they owned; and one of her pearls was enough to buy the finest herd of goats in Broussa.

Slowly, she began to feel that there was some difference between her and the gipsies which made her hesitate sometimes to marry and settle down among them for ever. At first she tried to account for it by saying that she came of an ancient and civilized race, whereas these gipsies were an ignorant people, not much better than savages. One night when they were questioning her about England she could not help with some pride describing the house where she was born, how it had 365 bedrooms and had been in the possession of her family for four or five hundred years. Her ancestors were earls, or even dukes, she added. At this she noticed again that the gipsies were uneasy; but not angry as before when she had praised the beauty of nature. Now they were courteous, but concerned as people of fine breeding are when a stranger has been made to reveal his low birth or poverty. Rustum followed her out of the tent alone and said that she need not mind if her father were a Duke, and possessed all the bedrooms and furniture that she described. They would none of them think the worse of her for that. Then she was seized with a shame that she had never felt before. It was clear that Rustum and the other gipsies thought a descent of four or five hundred years only the meanest possible. Their own families went back at least two or three thousand years. To the gipsy whose ancestors had built the Pyramids centuries before Christ was born, the genealogy of Howards and Plantagenets was no better and no worse than that of the Smiths and the Joneses: both were negligible. Moreover, where the shepherd boy had a lineage of such antiquity, there was nothing specially memorable or desirable in ancient birth; vagabonds and beggars all shared it. And then, though he was too courteous to speak openly, it was clear that the gipsy thought that there was no more vulgar ambition than to possess bedrooms by the hundred (they were on top of a hill as they spoke; it was night; the mountains rose around them) when the whole earth is ours. Looked at from the gipsy point of view, a Duke, Orlando understood, was nothing but a profiteer or robber who snatched land and money from people who rated these things of little worth, and could think of nothing better to do than to build three hundred and sixty-five bedrooms when one was enough, and none was even better than one. She could not deny that her ancestors had accumulated field after field; house after house; honour after honour; yet had none of them been saints or heroes, or great benefactors of the human race. Nor could she counter the argument (Rustum was too much of a gentleman to press it, but she understood) that any man who did now what her ancestors had done three or four hundred years ago would be denounced--and by her own family most loudly--for a vulgar upstart, an adventurer, a nouveau riche.

She sought to answer such arguments by the familiar if oblique method of finding the gipsy life itself rude and barbarous; and so, in a short time, much bad blood was bred between them. Indeed, such differences of opinion are enough to cause bloodshed and revolution. Towns have been sacked for less, and a million martyrs have suffered at the stake rather than yield an inch upon any of the points here debated. No passion is stronger in the breast of man than the desire to make others believe as he believes. Nothing so cuts at the root of his happiness and fills him with rage as the sense that another rates low what he prizes high. Whigs and Tories, Liberal party and Labour party--for what do they battle except their own prestige? It is not love of truth but desire to prevail that sets quarter against quarter and makes parish desire the downfall of parish. Each seeks peace of mind and subserviency rather than the triumph of truth and the exaltation of virtue--but these moralities belong, and should be left to the historian, since they are as dull as ditch water.

'Four hundred and seventy-six bedrooms mean nothing to them,' sighed Orlando.

'She prefers a sunset to a flock of goats,' said the gipsies.

What was to be done, Orlando could not think. To leave the gipsies and become once more an Ambassador seemed to her intolerable. But it was equally impossible to remain for ever where there was neither ink nor writing paper, neither reverence for the Talbots nor respect for a multiplicity of bedrooms. So she was thinking, one fine morning on the slopes of Mount Athos, when minding her goats. And then Nature, in whom she trusted, either played her a trick or worked a miracle--again, opinions differ too much for it to be possible to say which. Orlando was gazing rather disconsolately at the steep hill-side in front of her. It was now midsummer, and if we must compare the landscape to anything, it would have been to a dry bone; to a sheep's skeleton; to a gigantic skull picked white by a thousand vultures. The heat was intense, and the little fig tree under which Orlando lay only served to print patterns of fig-leaves upon her light burnous.

Suddenly a shadow, though there was nothing to cast a shadow, appeared on the bald mountain-side opposite. It deepened quickly and soon a green hollow showed where there had been barren rock before. As she looked, the hollow deepened and widened, and a great park-like space opened in the flank of the hill. Within, she could see an undulating and grassy lawn; she could see oak trees dotted here and there; she could see the thrushes hopping among the branches. She could see the deer stepping delicately from shade to shade, and could even hear the hum of insects and the gentle sighs and shivers of a summer's day in England. After she had gazed entranced for some time, snow began falling; soon the whole landscape was covered and marked with violet shades instead of yellow sunlight. Now she saw heavy carts coming along the roads, laden with tree trunks, which they were taking, she knew, to be sawn for firewood; and then appeared the roofs and belfries and towers and courtyards of her own home. The snow was falling steadily, and she could now hear the slither and flop which it made as it slid down the roof and fell to the ground. The smoke went up from a thousand chimneys. All was so clear and minute that she could see a Daw pecking for worms in the snow. Then, gradually, the violet shadows deepened and closed over the carts and the lawns and the great house itself. All was swallowed up. Now there was nothing left of the grassy hollow, and instead of the green lawns was only the blazing hill-side which a thousand vultures seemed to have picked bare. At this, she burst into a passion of tears, and striding back to the gipsies' camp, told them that she must sail for England the very next day.

It was happy for her that she did so. Already the young men had plotted her death. Honour, they said, demanded it, for she did not think as they did. Yet they would have been sorry to cut her throat; and welcomed the news of her departure. An English merchant ship, as luck would have it, was already under sail in the harbour about to return to England; and Orlando, by breaking off another pearl from her necklace, not only paid her passage but had some banknotes left over in her wallet. These she would have liked to present to the gipsies. But they despised wealth she knew; and she had to content herself with embraces, which on her part were sincere.

CHAPTER 4.

With some of the guineas left from the sale of the tenth pearl on her string, Orlando bought herself a complete outfit of such clothes as women then wore, and it was in the dress of a young Englishwoman of rank that she now sat on the deck of the "Enamoured Lady". It is a strange fact, but a true one, that up to this moment she had scarcely given her sex a thought. Perhaps the Turkish trousers which she had hitherto worn had done something to distract her thoughts; and the gipsy women, except in one or two important particulars, differ very little from the gipsy men. At any rate, it was not until she felt the coil of skirts about her legs and the Captain offered, with the greatest politeness, to have an awning spread for her on deck, that she realized with a start the penalties and the privileges of her position. But that start was not of the kind that might have been expected.

It was not caused, that is to say, simply and solely by the thought of her chastity and how she could preserve it. In normal circumstances a lovely young woman alone would have thought of nothing else; the whole edifice of female government is based on that foundation stone; chastity is their jewel, their centrepiece, which they run mad to protect, and die when ravished of. But if one has been a man for thirty years or so, and an Ambassador into the bargain, if one has held a Queen in one's arms and one or two other ladies, if report be true, of less exalted rank, if one has married a Rosina Pepita, and so on, one does not perhaps give such a very great start about that. Orlando's start was of a very complicated kind, and not to be summed up in a trice. Nobody, indeed, ever accused her of being one of those quick wits who run to the end of things in a minute. It took her the entire length of the voyage to moralize out the meaning of her start, and so, at her own pace, we will follow her.

'Lord,' she thought, when she had recovered from her start, stretching herself out at length under her awning, 'this is a pleasant, lazy way of life, to be sure. But,' she thought, giving her legs a kick, 'these skirts are plaguey things to have about one's heels. Yet the stuff (flowered paduasoy) is the loveliest in the world. Never have I seen my own skin (here she laid her hand on her knee) look to such advantage as now. Could I, however, leap overboard and swim in clothes like these? No! Therefore, I should have to trust to the protection of a blue-jacket. Do I object to that? Now do I?' she wondered, here encountering the first knot in the smooth skein of her argument.

Dinner came before she had untied it, and then it was the Captain himself--Captain Nicholas Benedict Bartolus, a sea-captain of distinguished aspect, who did it for her as he helped her to a slice of corned beef.

'A little of the fat, Ma'm?' he asked. 'Let me cut you just the tiniest little slice the size of your fingernail.' At those words a delicious tremor ran through her frame. Birds sang; the torrents rushed. It recalled the feeling of indescribable pleasure with which she had first seen Sasha, hundreds of years ago. Then she had pursued, now she fled. Which is the greater ecstasy? The man's or the woman's? And are they not perhaps the same? No, she thought, this is the most delicious (thanking the Captain but refusing), to refuse, and see him frown. Well, she would, if he wished it, have the very thinnest, smallest shiver in the world. This was the most delicious of all, to yield and see him smile. 'For nothing,' she thought, regaining her couch on deck, and continuing the argument, 'is more heavenly than to resist and to yield; to yield and to resist. Surely it throws the spirit into such a rapture as nothing else can. So that I'm not sure', she continued, 'that I won't throw myself overboard, for the mere pleasure of being rescued by a blue-jacket after all.'

(It must be remembered that she was like a child entering into possession of a pleasaunce or toy cupboard; her arguments would not commend themselves to mature women, who have had the run of it all their lives.)

'But what used we young fellows in the cockpit of the "Marie Rose" to say about a woman who threw herself overboard for the pleasure of being rescued by a blue-jacket?' she said. 'We had a word for them. Ah! I have it...' (But we must omit that word; it was disrespectful in the extreme and passing strange on a lady's lips.) 'Lord! Lord! she cried again at the conclusion of her thoughts, 'must I then begin to respect the opinion of the other sex, however monstrous I think it? If I wear skirts, if I can't swim, if I have to be rescued by a blue-jacket, by God!' she cried, 'I must!' Upon which a gloom fell over her. Candid by nature, and averse to all kinds of equivocation, to tell lies bored her. It seemed to her a roundabout way of going to work. Yet, she reflected, the flowered paduasoy--the pleasure of being rescued by a blue-jacket--if these were only to be obtained by roundabout ways, roundabout one must go, she supposed. She remembered how, as a young man, she had insisted that women must be obedient, chaste, scented, and exquisitely apparelled. 'Now I shall have to pay in my own person for those desires,' she reflected; 'for women are not (judging by my own short experience of the sex) obedient, chaste, scented, and exquisitely apparelled by nature. They can only attain these graces, without which they may enjoy none of the delights of life, by the most tedious discipline. There's the hairdressing,' she thought, 'that alone will take an hour of my morning, there's looking in the looking-glass, another hour; there's staying and lacing; there's washing and powdering; there's changing from silk to lace and from lace to paduasoy; there's being chaste year in year out...' Here she tossed her foot impatiently, and showed an inch or two of calf. A sailor on the mast, who happened to look down at the moment, started so violently that he missed his footing and only saved himself by the skin of his teeth. 'If the sight of my ankles means death to an honest fellow who, no doubt, has a wife and family to support, I must, in all humanity, keep them covered,' Orlando thought. Yet her legs were among her chiefest beauties. And she fell to thinking what an odd pass we have come to when all a woman's beauty has to be kept covered lest a sailor may fall from a mast-head. 'A pox on them!' she said, realizing for the first time what, in other circumstances, she would have been taught as a child, that is to say, the sacred responsibilities of womanhood.

'And that's the last oath I shall ever be able to swear,' she thought; 'once I set foot on English soil. And I shall never be able to crack a man over the head, or tell him he lies in his teeth, or draw my sword and run him through the body, or sit among my peers, or wear a coronet, or walk in procession, or sentence a man to death, or lead an army, or prance down Whitehall on a charger, or wear seventy-two different medals on my breast. All I can do, once I set foot on English soil, is to pour out tea and ask my lords how they like it. D'you take sugar? D'you take cream?' And mincing out the words, she was horrified to perceive how low an opinion she was forming of the other sex, the manly, to which it had once been her pride to belong--'To fall from a mast-head', she thought, 'because you see a woman's ankles; to dress up like a Guy Fawkes and parade the streets, so that women may praise you; to deny a woman teaching lest she may laugh at you; to be the slave of the frailest chit in petticoats. and yet to go about as if you were the Lords of creation.--Heavens!' she thought, 'what fools they make of us--what fools we are!' And here it would seem from some ambiguity in her terms that she was censuring both sexes equally, as if she belonged to neither; and indeed, for the time being, she seemed to vacillate; she was man; she was woman; she knew the secrets, shared the weaknesses of each. It was a most bewildering and whirligig state of mind to be in. The comforts of ignorance seemed utterly denied her. She was a feather blown on the gale. Thus it is no great wonder, as she pitted one sex against the other, and found each alternately full of the most deplorable infirmities, and was not sure to which she belonged--it was no great wonder that she was about to cry out that she would return to Turkey and become a gipsy again when the anchor fell with a great splash into the sea; the sails came tumbling on deck, and she perceived (so sunk had she been in thought that she had seen nothing for several days) that the ship was anchored off the coast of Italy. The Captain at once sent to ask the honour of her company ashore with him in the longboat.

When she returned the next morning, she stretched herself on her couch under the awning and arranged her draperies with the greatest decorum about her ankles.

'Ignorant and poor as we are compared with the other sex,' she thought, continuing the sentence which she had left unfinished the other day, 'armoured with every weapon as they are, while they debar us even from a knowledge of the alphabet' (and from these opening words it is plain that something had happened during the night to give her a push towards the female sex, for she was speaking more as a woman speaks than as a man, yet with a sort of content after all), 'still--they fall from the mast-head.' Here she gave a great yawn and fell asleep. When she woke, the ship was sailing before a fair breeze so near the shore that towns on the cliffs' edge seemed only kept from slipping into the water by the interposition of some great rock or the twisted roots of some ancient olive tree. The scent of oranges wafted from a million trees, heavy with the fruit, reached her on deck. A score of blue dolphins, twisting their tails, leapt high now and again into the air. Stretching her arms out (arms, she had learnt already, have no such fatal effects as legs), she thanked Heaven that she was not prancing down Whitehall on a warhorse, nor even sentencing a man to death. 'Better is it', she thought, 'to be clothed with poverty and ignorance, which are the dark garments of the female sex; better to leave the rule and discipline of the world to others; better be quit of martial ambition, the love of power, and all the other manly desires if so one can more fully enjoy the most exalted raptures known to the humane spirit, which are', she said aloud, as her habit was when deeply moved, 'contemplation, solitude, love.'

'Praise God that I'm a woman!' she cried, and was about to run into extreme folly--than which none is more distressing in woman or man either--of being proud of her sex, when she paused over the singular word, which, for all we can do to put it in its place, has crept in at the end of the last sentence: Love. 'Love,' said Orlando. Instantly--such is its impetuosity--love took a human shape--such is its pride. For where other thoughts are content to remain abstract, nothing will satisfy this one but to put on flesh and blood, mantilla and petticoats, hose and jerkin. And as all Orlando's loves had been women, now, through the culpable laggardry of the human frame to adapt itself to convention, though she herself was a woman, it was still a woman she loved; and if the consciousness of being of the same sex had any effect at all, it was to quicken and deepen those feelings which she had had as a man. For now a thousand hints and mysteries became plain to her that were then dark. Now, the obscurity, which divides the sexes and lets linger innumerable impurities in its gloom, was removed, and if there is anything in what the poet says about truth and beauty, this affection gained in beauty what it lost in falsity. At last, she cried, she knew Sasha as she was, and in the ardour of this discovery, and in the pursuit of all those treasures which were now revealed, she was so rapt and enchanted that it was as if a cannon ball had exploded at her ear when a man's voice said, 'Permit me, Madam,' a man's hand raised her to her feet; and the fingers of a man with a three-masted sailing ship tattooed on the middle finger pointed to the horizon.

'The cliffs of England, Ma'am,' said the Captain, and he raised the hand which had pointed at the sky to the salute. Orlando now gave a second start, even more violent than the first.

'Christ Jesus!' she cried.

Happily, the sight of her native land after long absence excused both start and exclamation, or she would have been hard put to it to explain to Captain Bartolus the raging and conflicting emotions which now boiled within her. How tell him that she, who now trembled on his arm, had been a Duke and an Ambassador? How explain to him that she, who had been lapped like a lily in folds of paduasoy, had hacked heads off, and lain with loose women among treasure sacks in the holds of pirate ships on summer nights when the tulips were abloom and the bees buzzing off Wapping Old Stairs? Not even to herself could she explain the giant start she gave, as the resolute right hand of the sea-captain indicated the cliffs of the British Islands.

'To refuse and to yield,' she murmured, 'how delightful; to pursue and conquer, how august; to perceive and to reason, how sublime.' Not one of these words so coupled together seemed to her wrong; nevertheless, as the chalky cliffs loomed nearer, she felt culpable; dishonoured; unchaste, which, for one who had never given the matter a thought, was strange. Closer and closer they drew, till the samphire gatherers, hanging half-way down the cliff, were plain to the naked eye. And watching them, she felt, scampering up and down within her, like some derisive ghost who in another instant will pick up her skirts and flaunt out of sight, Sasha the lost, Sasha the memory, whose reality she had proved just now so surprisingly--Sasha, she felt, mopping and mowing and making all sorts of disrespectful gestures towards the cliffs and the samphire gatherers; and when the sailors began chanting, 'So good-bye and adieu to you, Ladies of Spain', the words echoed in Orlando's sad heart, and she felt that however much landing there meant comfort, meant opulence, meant consequence and state (for she would doubtless pick up some noble Prince and reign, his consort, over half Yorkshire), still, if it meant conventionality, meant slavery, meant deceit, meant denying her love, fettering her limbs, pursing her lips, and restraining her tongue, then she would turn about with the ship and set sail once more for the gipsies.

Among the hurry of these thoughts, however, there now rose, like a dome of smooth, white marble, something which, whether fact or fancy, was so impressive to her fevered imagination that she settled upon it as one has seen a swarm of vibrant dragonflies alight, with apparent satisfaction, upon the glass bell which shelters some tender vegetable. The form of it, by the hazard of fancy, recalled that earliest, most persistent memory--the man with the big forehead in Twitchett's sitting-room, the man who sat writing, or rather looking, but certainly not at her, for he never seemed to see her poised there in all her finery, lovely boy though she must have been, she could not deny it--and whenever she thought of him, the thought spread round it, like the risen moon on turbulent waters, a sheet of silver calm. Now her hand went to her bosom (the other was still in the Captain's keeping), where the pages of her poem were hidden safe. It might have been a talisman that she kept there. The distraction of sex, which hers was, and what it meant, subsided; she thought now only of the glory of poetry, and the great lines of Marlowe, Shakespeare, Ben Jonson, Milton began booming and reverberating, as if a golden clapper beat against a golden bell in the cathedral tower which was her mind. The truth was that the image of the marble dome which her eyes had first discovered so faintly that it suggested a poet's forehead and thus started a flock of irrelevant ideas, was no figment, but a reality; and as the ship advanced down the Thames before a favouring gale, the image with all its associations gave place to the truth, and revealed itself as nothing more and nothing less than the dome of a vast cathedral rising among a fretwork of white spires.

'St Paul's,' said Captain Bartolus, who stood by her side. 'The Tower of London,' he continued. 'Greenwich Hospital, erected in memory of Queen Mary by her husband, his late majesty, William the Third. Westminster Abbey. The Houses of Parliament.' As he spoke, each of these famous buildings rose to view. It was a fine September morning. A myriad of little water-craft plied from bank to bank. Rarely has a gayer, or more interesting, spectacle presented itself to the gaze of a returned traveller. Orlando hung over the prow, absorbed in wonder. Her eyes had been used too long to savages and nature not to be entranced by these urban glories. That, then, was the dome of St Paul's which Mr Wren had built during her absence. Near by, a shock of golden hair burst from a pillar--Captain Bartolus was at her side to inform her that that was the Monument; there had been a plague and a fire during her absence, he said. Do what she could to restrain them, the tears came to her eyes, until, remembering that it is becoming in a woman to weep, she let them flow. Here, she thought, had been the great carnival. Here, where the waves slapped briskly, had stood the Royal Pavilion. Here she had first met Sasha. About here (she looked down into the sparkling waters) one had been used to see the frozen bumboat woman with her apples on her lap. All that splendour and corruption was gone. Gone, too, was the dark night, the monstrous downpour, the violent surges of the flood. Here, where yellow icebergs had raced circling with a crew of terror-stricken wretches on top, a covey of swans floated, orgulous, undulant, superb. London itself had completely changed since she had last seen it. Then, she remembered, it had been a huddle of little black, beetle-browed houses. The heads of rebels had grinned on pikes at Temple Bar. The cobbled pavements had reeked of garbage and ordure. Now, as the ship sailed past Wapping, she caught glimpses of broad and orderly thoroughfares. Stately coaches drawn by teams of well-fed horses stood at the doors of houses whose bow windows, whose plate glass, whose polished knockers, testified to the wealth and modest dignity of the dwellers within. Ladies in flowered silk (she put the Captain's glass to her eye) walked on raised footpaths. Citizens in broidered coats took snuff at street corners under lamp-posts. She caught sight of a variety of painted signs swinging in the breeze and could form a rapid notion from what was painted on them of the tobacco, of the stuff, of the silk, of the gold, of the silver ware, of the gloves, of the perfumes, and of a thousand other articles which were sold within. Nor could she do more as the ship sailed to its anchorage by London Bridge than glance at coffee-house windows where, on balconies, since the weather was fine, a great number of decent citizens sat at ease, with china dishes in front of them, clay pipes by their sides, while one among them read from a news sheet, and was frequently interrupted by the laughter or the comments of the others. Were these taverns, were these wits, were these poets? she asked of Captain Bartolus, who obligingly informed her that even now--if she turned her head a little to the left and looked along the line of his first finger--so--they were passing the Cocoa Tree, where,--yes, there he was--one might see Mr Addison taking his coffee; the other two gentlemen--'there, Ma'am, a little to the right of the lamp-post, one of 'em humped, t'other much the same as you or me'--were Mr Dryden and Mr Pope.' 'Sad dogs,' said the Captain, by which he meant that they were Papists, 'but men of parts, none the less,' he added, hurrying aft to superintend the arrangements for landing. (The Captain must have been mistaken, as a reference to any textbook of literature will show; but the mistake was a kindly one, and so we let it stand.)

'Addison, Dryden, Pope,' Orlando repeated as if the words were an incantation. For one moment she saw the high mountains above Broussa, the next, she had set her foot upon her native shore.

But now Orlando was to learn how little the most tempestuous flutter of excitement avails against the iron countenance of the law; how harder than the stones of London Bridge it is, and than the lips of a cannon more severe. No sooner had she returned to her home in Blackfriars than she was made aware by a succession of Bow Street runners and other grave emissaries from the Law Courts that she was a party to three major suits which had been preferred against her during her absence, as well as innumerable minor litigations, some arising out of, others depending on them. The chief charges against her were (1) that she was dead, and therefore could not hold any property whatsoever; (2) that she was a woman, which amounts to much the same thing; (3) that she was an English Duke who had married one Rosina Pepita, a dancer; and had had by her three sons, which sons now declaring that their father was deceased, claimed that all his property descended to them. Such grave charges as these would, of course, take time and money to dispose of. All her estates were put in Chancery and her titles pronounced in abeyance while the suits were under litigation. Thus it was in a highly ambiguous condition, uncertain whether she was alive or dead, man or woman, Duke or nonentity, that she posted down to her country seat, where, pending the legal judgment, she had the Law's permission to reside in a state of incognito or incognita, as the case might turn out to be.

It was a fine evening in December when she arrived and the snow was falling and the violet shadows were slanting much as she had seen them from the hill-top at Broussa. The great house lay more like a town than a house, brown and blue, rose and purple in the snow, with all its chimneys smoking busily as if inspired with a life of their own. She could not restrain a cry as she saw it there tranquil and massive, couched upon the meadows. As the yellow coach entered the park and came bowling along the drive between the trees, the red deer raised their heads as if expectantly, and it was observed that instead of showing the timidity natural to their kind, they followed the coach and stood about the courtyard when it drew up. Some tossed their antlers, others pawed the ground as the step was let down and Orlando alighted. One, it is said, actually knelt in the snow before her. She had not time to reach her hand towards the knocker before both wings of the great door were flung open, and there, with lights and torches held above their heads, were Mrs Grimsditch, Mr Dupper, and a whole retinue of servants come to greet her. But the orderly procession was interrupted first by the impetuosity of Canute, the elk-hound, who threw himself with such ardour upon his mistress that he almost knocked her to the ground; next, by the agitation of Mrs Grimsditch, who, making as if to curtsey, was overcome with emotion and could do no more than gasp Milord! Milady! Milady! Milord! until Orlando comforted her with a hearty kiss upon both her cheeks. After that, Mr Dupper began to read from a parchment, but the dogs barking, the huntsmen winding their horns, and the stags, who had come into the courtyard in the confusion, baying the moon, not much progress was made, and the company dispersed within after crowding about their Mistress, and testifying in every way to their great joy at her return.

No one showed an instant's suspicion that Orlando was not the Orlando they had known. If any doubt there was in the human mind the action of the deer and the dogs would have been enough to dispel it, for the dumb creatures, as is well known, are far better judges both of identity and character than we are. Moreover, said Mrs Grimsditch, over her dish of china tea, to Mr Dupper that night, if her Lord was a Lady now, she had never seen a lovelier one, nor was there a penny piece to choose between them; one was as well-favoured as the other; they were as like as two peaches on one branch; which, said Mrs Grimsditch, becoming confidential, she had always had her suspicions (here she nodded her head very mysteriously), which it was no surprise to her (here she nodded her head very knowingly), and for her part, a very great comfort; for what with the towels wanting mending and the curtains in the chaplain's parlour being moth-eaten round the fringes, it was time they had a Mistress among them.

'And some little masters and mistresses to come after her,' Mr Dupper added, being privileged by virtue of his holy office to speak his mind on such delicate matters as these.

So, while the old servants gossiped in the servants' hall, Orlando took a silver candle in her hand and roamed once more through the halls, the galleries, the courts, the bedrooms; saw loom down at her again the dark visage of this Lord Keeper, that Lord Chamberlain, among her ancestors; sat now in this chair of state, now reclined on that canopy of delight; observed the arras, how it swayed; watched the huntsmen riding and Daphne flying; bathed her hand, as she had loved to do as a child, in the yellow pool of light which the moonlight made falling through the heraldic Leopard in the window; slid along the polished planks of the gallery, the other side of which was rough timber; touched this silk, that satin; fancied the carved dolphins swam; brushed her hair with King James' silver brush; buried her face in the potpourri, which was made as the Conqueror had taught them many hundred years ago and from the same roses; looked at the garden and imagined the sleeping crocuses, the dormant dahlias; saw the frail nymphs gleaming white in the snow and the great yew hedges, thick as a house, black behind them; saw the orangeries and the giant medlars;--all this she saw, and each sight and sound, rudely as we write it down, filled her heart with such a lust and balm of joy, that at length, tired out, she entered the Chapel and sank into the old red arm-chair in which her ancestors used to hear service. There she lit a cheroot ('twas a habit she had brought back from the East) and opened the Prayer Book.

It was a little book bound in velvet, stitched with gold, which had been held by Mary Queen of Scots on the scaffold, and the eye of faith could detect a brownish stain, said to be made of a drop of the Royal blood. But what pious thoughts it roused in Orlando, what evil passions it soothed asleep, who dare say, seeing that of all communions this with the deity is the most inscrutable? Novelist, poet, historian all falter with their hand on that door; nor does the believer himself enlighten us, for is he more ready to die than other people, or more eager to share his goods? Does he not keep as many maids and carriage horses as the rest? and yet with it all, holds a faith he says which should make goods a vanity and death desirable. In the Queen's prayerbook, along with the blood-stain, was also a lock of hair and a crumb of pastry; Orlando now added to these keepsakes a flake of tobacco, and so, reading and smoking, was moved by the humane jumble of them all--the hair, the pastry, the blood-stain, the tobacco--to such a mood of contemplation as gave her a reverent air suitable in the circumstances, though she had, it is said, no traffic with the usual God. Nothing, however, can be more arrogant, though nothing is commoner than to assume that of Gods there is only one, and of religions none but the speaker's. Orlando, it seemed, had a faith of her own. With all the religious ardour in the world, she now reflected upon her sins and the imperfections that had crept into her spiritual state. The letter S, she reflected, is the serpent in the poet's Eden. Do what she would there were still too many of these sinful reptiles in the first stanzas of 'The Oak Tree'. But 'S' was nothing, in her opinion, compared with the termination 'ing'. The present participle is the Devil himself, she thought, now that we are in the place for believing in Devils. To evade such temptations is the first duty of the poet, she concluded, for as the ear is the antechamber to the soul, poetry can adulterate and destroy more surely than lust or gunpowder. The poet's, then, is the highest office of all, she continued. His words reach where others fall short. A silly song of Shakespeare's has done more for the poor and the wicked than all the preachers and philanthropists in the world. No time, no devotion, can be too great, therefore, which makes the vehicle of our message less distorting. We must shape our words till they are the thinnest integument for our thoughts. Thoughts are divine, etc. Thus it is obvious that she was back in the confines of her own religion which time had only strengthened in her absence, and was rapidly acquiring the intolerance of belief.

'I am growing up,' she thought, taking her taper at last. 'I am losing some illusions,' she said, shutting Queen Mary's book, 'perhaps to acquire others,' and she descended among the tombs where the bones of her ancestors lay.

But even the bones of her ancestors, Sir Miles, Sir Gervase, and the rest, had lost something of their sanctity since Rustum el Sadi had waved his hand that night in the Asian mountains. Somehow the fact that only three or four hundred years ago these skeletons had been men with their way to make in the world like any modern upstart, and that they had made it by acquiring houses and offices, garters and ribbands, as any other upstart does, while poets, perhaps, and men of great mind and breeding had preferred the quietude of the country, for which choice they paid the penalty by extreme poverty, and now hawked broadsheets in the Strand, or herded sheep in the fields, filled her with remorse. She thought of the Egyptian pyramids and what bones lie beneath them as she stood in the crypt; and the vast, empty hills which lie above the Sea of Marmara seemed, for the moment, a finer dwelling-place than this many-roomed mansion in which no bed lacked its quilt and no silver dish its silver cover.

'I am growing up,' she thought, taking her taper. 'I am losing my illusions, perhaps to acquire new ones,' and she paced down the long gallery to her bedroom. It was a disagreeable process, and a troublesome. But it was interesting, amazingly, she thought, stretching her legs out to her log fire (for no sailor was present), and she reviewed, as if it were an avenue of great edifices, the progress of her own self along her own past.

How she had loved sound when she was a boy, and thought the volley of tumultuous syllables from the lips the finest of all poetry. Then--it was the effect of Sasha and her disillusionment perhaps--into this high frenzy was let fall some black drop, which turned her rhapsody into sluggishness. Slowly there had opened within her something intricate and many-chambered, which one must take a torch to explore, in prose not verse; and she remembered how passionately she had studied that doctor at Norwich, Browne, whose book was at her hand there. She had formed here in solitude after her affair with Greene, or tried to form, for Heaven knows these growths are agelong in coming, a spirit capable of resistance. 'I will write,' she had said, 'what I enjoy writing'; and so had scratched out twenty-six volumes. Yet still, for all her travels and adventures and profound thinkings and turnings this way and that, she was only in process of fabrication. What the future might bring, Heaven only knew. Change was incessant, and change perhaps would never cease. High battlements of thought, habits that had seemed durable as stone, went down like shadows at the touch of another mind and left a naked sky and fresh stars twinkling in it. Here she went to the window, and in spite of the cold could not help unlatching it. She leant out into the damp night air. She heard a fox bark in the woods, and the clutter of a pheasant trailing through the branches. She heard the snow slither and flop from the roof to the ground. 'By my life,' she exclaimed, 'this is a thousand times better than Turkey. Rustum,' she cried, as if she were arguing with the gipsy (and in this new power of bearing an argument in mind and continuing it with someone who was not there to contradict she showed again the development of her soul), 'you were wrong. This is better than Turkey. Hair, pastry, tobacco--of what odds and ends are we compounded,' she said (thinking of Queen Mary's prayer-book). 'What a phantasmagoria the mind is and meeting-place of dissemblables! At one moment we deplore our birth and state and aspire to an ascetic exaltation; the next we are overcome by the smell of some old garden path and weep to hear the thrushes sing.' And so bewildered as usual by the multitude of things which call for explanation and imprint their message without leaving any hint as to their meaning, she threw her cheroot out of the window and went to bed.

Next morning, in pursuance of these thoughts, she had out her pen and paper. and started afresh upon 'The Oak Tree', for to have ink and paper in plenty when one has made do with berries and margins is a delight not to be conceived. Thus she was now striking out a phrase in the depths of despair, now in the heights of ecstasy writing one in, when a shadow darkened the page. She hastily hid her manuscript.

As her window gave on to the most central of the courts, as she had given orders that she would see no one, as she knew no one and was herself legally unknown, she was first surprised at the shadow, then indignant at it, then (when she looked up and saw what caused it) overcome with merriment. For it was a familiar shadow, a grotesque shadow, the shadow of no less a personage than the Archduchess Harriet Griselda of Finster-Aarhorn and Scand-op-Boom in the Roumanian territory. She was loping across the court in her old black riding-habit and mantle as before. Not a hair of her head was changed. This then was the woman who had chased her from England! This was the eyrie of that obscene vulture--this the fatal fowl herself! At the thought that she had fled all the way to Turkey to avoid her seductions (now become excessively flat), Orlando laughed aloud. There was something inexpressibly comic in the sight. She resembled, as Orlando had thought before, nothing so much as a monstrous hare. She had the staring eyes, the lank cheeks, the high headdress of that animal. She stopped now, much as a hare sits erect in the corn when thinking itself unobserved, and stared at Orlando, who stared back at her from the window. After they had stared like this for a certain time, there was nothing for it but to ask her in, and soon the two ladies were exchanging compliments while the Archduchess struck the snow from her mantle.

'A plague on women,' said Orlando to herself, going to the cupboard to fetch a glass of wine, 'they never leave one a moment's peace. A more ferreting, inquisiting, busybodying set of people don't exist. It was to escape this Maypole that I left England, and now'--here she turned to present the Archduchess with the salver, and behold--in her place stood a tall gentleman in black. A heap of clothes lay in the fender. She was alone with a man.

Recalled thus suddenly to a consciousness of her sex, which she had completely forgotten, and of his, which was now remote enough to be equally upsetting, Orlando felt seized with faintness.

'La!' she cried, putting her hand to her side, 'how you frighten me!'

'Gentle creature,' cried the Archduchess, falling on one knee and at the same time pressing a cordial to Orlando's lips, 'forgive me for the deceit I have practised on you!'

Orlando sipped the wine and the Archduke knelt and kissed her hand.

In short, they acted the parts of man and woman for ten minutes with great vigour and then fell into natural discourse. The Archduchess (but she must in future be known as the Archduke) told his story--that he was a man and always had been one; that he had seen a portrait of Orlando and fallen hopelessly in love with him; that to compass his ends, he had dressed as a woman and lodged at the Baker's shop; that he was desolated when he fled to Turkey; that he had heard of her change and hastened to offer his services (here he teed and heed intolerably). For to him, said the Archduke Harry, she was and would ever be the Pink, the Pearl, the Perfection of her sex. The three p's would have been more persuasive if they had not been interspersed with tee-hees and haw-haws of the strangest kind. 'If this is love,' said Orlando to herself, looking at the Archduke on the other side of the fender, and now from the woman's point of view, 'there is something highly ridiculous about it.'

Falling on his knees, the Archduke Harry made the most passionate declaration of his suit. He told her that he had something like twenty million ducats in a strong box at his castle. He had more acres than any nobleman in England. The shooting was excellent: he could promise her a mixed bag of ptarmigan and grouse such as no English moor, or Scotch either, could rival. True, the pheasants had suffered from the gape in his absence, and the does had slipped their young, but that could be put right, and would be with her help when they lived in Roumania together.

As he spoke, enormous tears formed in his rather prominent eyes and ran down the sandy tracts of his long and lanky cheeks.

That men cry as frequently and as unreasonably as women, Orlando knew from her own experience as a man; but she was beginning to be aware that women should be shocked when men display emotion in their presence, and so, shocked she was.

The Archduke apologized. He commanded himself sufficiently to say that he would leave her now, but would return on the following day for his answer.

That was a Tuesday. He came on Wednesday; he came on Thursday; he came on Friday; and he came on Saturday. It is true that each visit began, continued, or concluded with a declaration of love, but in between there was much room for silence. They sat on either side of the fireplace and sometimes the Archduke knocked over the fire-irons and Orlando picked them up again. Then the Archduke would bethink him how he had shot an elk in Sweden, and Orlando would ask, was it a very big elk, and the Archduke would say that it was not as big as the reindeer which he shot in Norway; and Orlando would ask, had he ever shot a tiger, and the Archduke would say he had shot an albatross, and Orlando would say (half hiding her yawn) was an albatross as big as an elephant, and the Archduke would say--something very sensible, no doubt, but Orlando heard it not, for she was looking at her writing-table, out of the window, at the door. Upon which the Archduke would say, 'I adore you', at the very same moment that Orlando said 'Look, it's beginning to rain', at which they were both much embarrassed, and blushed scarlet, and could neither of them think what to say next. Indeed, Orlando was at her wit's end what to talk about and had she not bethought her of a game called Fly Loo, at which great sums of money can be lost with very little expense of spirit, she would have had to marry him, she supposed; for how else to get rid of him she knew not. By this device, however, and it was a simple one, needing only three lumps of sugar and a sufficiency of flies, the embarrassment of conversation was overcome and the necessity of marriage avoided. For now, the Archduke would bet her five hundred pounds to a tester that a fly would settle on this lump and not on that. Thus, they would have occupation for a whole morning watching the flies (who were naturally sluggish at this season and often spent an hour or so circling round the ceiling) until at length some fine bluebottle made his choice and the match was won. Many hundreds of pounds changed hands between them at this game, which the Archduke, who was a born gambler, swore was every bit as good as horse racing, and vowed he could play at for ever. But Orlando soon began to weary.

What's the good of being a fine young woman in the prime of life', she asked, 'if I have to pass all my mornings watching blue-bottles with an Archduke?'

She began to detest the sight of sugar; flies made her dizzy. Some way out of the difficulty there must be, she supposed, but she was still awkward in the arts of her sex, and as she could no longer knock a man over the head or run him through the body with a rapier, she could think of no better method than this. She caught a blue-bottle, gently pressed the life out of it (it was half dead already; or her kindness for the dumb creatures would not have permitted it) and secured it by a drop of gum arabic to a lump of sugar. While the Archduke was gazing at the ceiling, she deftly substituted this lump for the one she had laid her money on, and crying 'Loo Loo!' declared that she had won her bet. Her reckoning was that the Archduke, with all his knowledge of sport and horseracing, would detect the fraud and, as to cheat at Loo is the most heinous of crimes, and men have been banished from the society of mankind to that of apes in the tropics for ever because of it, she calculated that he would be manly enough to refuse to have anything further to do with her. But she misjudged the simplicity of the amiable nobleman. He was no nice judge of flies. A dead fly looked to him much the same as a living one. She played the trick twenty times on him and he paid her over 17,250 pounds (which is about 40,885 pounds 6 shillings and 8 pence of our own money) before Orlando cheated so grossly that even he could be deceived no longer. When he realized the truth at last, a painful scene ensued. The Archduke rose to his full height. He coloured scarlet. Tears rolled down his cheeks one by one. That she had won a fortune from him was nothing--she was welcome to it; that she had deceived him was something--it hurt him to think her capable of it; but that she had cheated at Loo was everything. To love a woman who cheated at play was, he said, impossible. Here he broke down completely. Happily, he said, recovering slightly, there were no witnesses. She was, after all, only a woman, he said. In short, he was preparing in the chivalry of his heart to forgive her and had bent to ask her pardon for the violence of his language, when she cut the matter short, as he stooped his proud head, by dropping a small toad between his skin and his shirt.

In justice to her, it must be said that she would infinitely have preferred a rapier. Toads are clammy things to conceal about one's person a whole morning. But if rapiers are forbidden; one must have recourse to toads. Moreover toads and laughter between them sometimes do what cold steel cannot. She laughed. The Archduke blushed. She laughed. The Archduke cursed. She laughed. The Archduke slammed the door.

'Heaven be praised!' cried Orlando still laughing. She heard the sound of chariot wheels driven at a furious pace down the courtyard. She heard them rattle along the road. Fainter and fainter the sound became. Now it faded away altogether.

'I am alone,' said Orlando, aloud since there was no one to hear.

That silence is more profound after noise still wants the confirmation of science. But that loneliness is more apparent directly after one has been made love to, many women would take their oath. As the sound of the Archduke's chariot wheels died away, Orlando felt drawing further from her and further from her an Archduke (she did not mind that), a fortune (she did not mind that), a title (she did not mind that), the safety and circumstance of married life (she did not mind that), but life she heard going from her, and a lover. 'Life and a lover,' she murmured; and going to her writing-table she dipped her pen in the ink and wrote:

'Life and a lover'--a line which did not scan and made no sense with what went before--something about the proper way of dipping sheep to avoid the scab. Reading it over she blushed and repeated,

'Life and a lover.' Then laying her pen aside she went into her bedroom, stood in front of her mirror, and arranged her pearls about her neck. Then since pearls do not show to advantage against a morning gown of sprigged cotton, she changed to a dove grey taffeta; thence to one of peach bloom; thence to a wine-coloured brocade. Perhaps a dash of powder was needed, and if her hair were disposed--so--about her brow, it might become her. Then she slipped her feet into pointed slippers, and drew an emerald ring upon her finger. 'Now,' she said when all was ready and lit the silver sconces on either side of the mirror. What woman would not have kindled to see what Orlando saw then burning in the snow--for all about the looking-glass were snowy lawns, and she was like a fire, a burning bush, and the candle flames about her head were silver leaves; or again, the glass was green water, and she a mermaid, slung with pearls, a siren in a cave, singing so that oarsmen leant from their boats and fell down, down to embrace her; so dark, so bright, so hard, so soft, was she, so astonishingly seductive that it was a thousand pities that there was no one there to put it in plain English, and say outright, 'Damn it, Madam, you are loveliness incarnate,' which was the truth. Even Orlando (who had no conceit of her person) knew it, for she smiled the involuntary smile which women smile when their own beauty, which seems not their own, forms like a drop falling or a fountain rising and confronts them all of a sudden in the glass--this smile she smiled and then she listened for a moment and heard only the leaves blowing and the sparrows twittering, and then she sighed, 'Life, a lover,' and then she turned on her heel with extraordinary rapidity; whipped her pearls from her neck, stripped the satins from her back, stood erect in the neat black silk knickerbockers of an ordinary nobleman, and rang the bell. When the servant came, she told him to order a coach and six to be in readiness instantly. She was summoned by urgent affairs to London. Within an hour of the Archduke's departure, off she drove.

And as she drove, we may seize the opportunity, since the landscape was of a simple English kind which needs no description, to draw the reader's attention more particularly than we could at the moment to one or two remarks which have slipped in here and there in the course of the narrative. For example, it may have been observed that Orlando hid her manuscripts when interrupted. Next, that she looked long and intently in the glass; and now, as she drove to London, one might notice her starting and suppressing a cry when the horses galloped faster than she liked. Her modesty as to her writing, her vanity as to her person, her fears for her safety all seems to hint that what was said a short time ago about there being no change in Orlando the man and Orlando the woman, was ceasing to be altogether true. She was becoming a little more modest, as women are, of her brains, and a little more vain, as women are, of her person. Certain susceptibilities were asserting themselves, and others were diminishing. The change of clothes had, some philosophers will say, much to do with it. Vain trifles as they seem, clothes have, they say, more important offices than merely to keep us warm. They change our view of the world and the world's view of us. For example, when Captain Bartolus saw Orlando's skirt, he had an awning stretched for her immediately, pressed her to take another slice of beef, and invited her to go ashore with him in the long-boat. These compliments would certainly not have been paid her had her skirts, instead of flowing, been cut tight to her legs in the fashion of breeches. And when we are paid compliments, it behoves us to make some return. Orlando curtseyed; she complied; she flattered the good man's humours as she would not have done had his neat breeches been a woman's skirts, and his braided coat a woman's satin bodice. Thus, there is much to support the view that it is clothes that wear us and not we them; we may make them take the mould of arm or breast, but they mould our hearts, our brains, our tongues to their liking. So, having now worn skirts for a considerable time, a certain change was visible in Orlando, which is to be found if the reader will look at the above, even in her face. If we compare the picture of Orlando as a man with that of Orlando as a woman we shall see that though both are undoubtedly one and the same person, there are certain changes. The man has his hand free to seize his sword, the woman must use hers to keep the satins from slipping from her shoulders. The man looks the world full in the face, as if it were made for his uses and fashioned to his liking. The woman takes a sidelong glance at it, full of subtlety, even of suspicion. Had they both worn the same clothes, it is possible that their outlook might have been the same.

That is the view of some philosophers and wise ones, but on the whole, we incline to another. The difference between the sexes is, happily, one of great profundity. Clothes are but a symbol of something hid deep beneath. It was a change in Orlando herself that dictated her choice of a woman's dress and of a woman's sex. And perhaps in this she was only expressing rather more openly than usual--openness indeed was the soul of her nature--something that happens to most people without being thus plainly expressed. For here again, we come to a dilemma. Different though the sexes are, they intermix. In every human being a vacillation from one sex to the other takes place, and often it is only the clothes that keep the male or female likeness, while underneath the sex is the very opposite of what it is above. Of the complications and confusions which thus result everyone has had experience; but here we leave the general question and note only the odd effect it had in the particular case of Orlando herself.

For it was this mixture in her of man and woman, one being uppermost and then the other, that often gave her conduct an unexpected turn. The curious of her own sex would argue, for example, if Orlando was a woman, how did she never take more than ten minutes to dress? And were not her clothes chosen rather at random, and sometimes worn rather shabby? And then they would say, still, she has none of the formality of a man, or a man's love of power. She is excessively tender-hearted. She could not endure to see a donkey beaten or a kitten drowned. Yet again, they noted, she detested household matters, was up at dawn and out among the fields in summer before the sun had risen. No farmer knew more about the crops than she did. She could drink with the best and liked games of hazard. She rode well and drove six horses at a gallop over London Bridge. Yet again, though bold and active as a man, it was remarked that the sight of another in danger brought on the most womanly palpitations. She would burst into tears on slight provocation. She was unversed in geography, found mathematics intolerable, and held some caprices which are more common among women than men, as for instance that to travel south is to travel downhill. Whether, then, Orlando was most man or woman, it is difficult to say and cannot now be decided. For her coach was now rattling on the cobbles. She had reached her home in the city. The steps were being let down; the iron gates were being opened. She was entering her father's house at Blackfriars, which though fashion was fast deserting that end of the town, was still a pleasant, roomy mansion, with gardens running down to the river, and a pleasant grove of nut trees to walk in.

Here she took up her lodging and began instantly to look about her for what she had come in search of--that is to say, life and a lover. About the first there might be some doubt; the second she found without the least difficulty two days after her arrival. It was a Tuesday that she came to town. On Thursday she went for a walk in the Mall, as was then the habit of persons of quality. She had not made more than a turn or two of the avenue before she was observed by a little knot of vulgar people who go there to spy upon their betters. As she came past them, a common woman carrying a child at her breast stepped forward, peered familiarly into Orlando's face, and cried out, 'Lawk upon us, if it ain't the Lady Orlando!' Her companions came crowding round, and Orlando found herself in a moment the centre of a mob of staring citizens and tradesmen's wives, all eager to gaze upon the heroine of the celebrated lawsuit. Such was the interest that the case excited in the minds of the common people. She might, indeed, have found herself gravely discommoded by the pressure of the crowd--she had forgotten that ladies are not supposed to walk in public places alone--had not a tall gentleman at once stepped forward and offered her the protection of his arm. It was the Archduke. She was overcome with distress and yet with some amusement at the sight. Not only had this magnanimous nobleman forgiven her, but in order to show that he took her levity with the toad in good part, he had procured a jewel made in the shape of that reptile which he pressed upon her with a repetition of his suit as he handed her to her coach.

What with the crowd, what with the Duke, what with the jewel, she drove home in the vilest temper imaginable. Was it impossible then to go for a walk without being half-suffocated, presented with a toad set in emeralds, and asked in marriage by an Archduke? She took a kinder view of the case next day when she found on her breakfast table half a dozen billets from some of the greatest ladies in the land--Lady Suffolk, Lady Salisbury, Lady Chesterfield, Lady Tavistock, and others who reminded her in the politest manner of old alliances between their families and her own, and desired the honour of her acquaintance. Next day, which was a Saturday, many of these great ladies waited on her in person. On Tuesday, about noon, their footmen brought cards of invitation to various routs, dinners, and assemblies in the near future; so that Orlando was launched without delay, and with some splash and foam at that, upon the waters of London society.

To give a truthful account of London society at that or indeed at any other time, is beyond the powers of the biographer or the historian. Only those who have little need of the truth, and no respect for it--the poets and the novelists--can be trusted to do it, for this is one of the cases where the truth does not exist. Nothing exists. The whole thing is a miasma--a mirage. To make our meaning plain--Orlando could come home from one of these routs at three or four in the morning with cheeks like a Christmas tree and eyes like stars. She would untie a lace, pace the room a score of times, untie another lace, stop, and pace the room again. Often the sun would be blazing over Southwark chimneys before she could persuade herself to get into bed, and there she would lie, pitching and tossing, laughing and sighing for an hour or longer before she slept at last. And what was all this stir about? Society. And what had society said or done to throw a reasonable lady into such an excitement? In plain language, nothing. Rack her memory as she would, next day Orlando could never remember a single word to magnify into the name something. Lord O. had been gallant. Lord A. polite. The Marquis of C. charming. Mr M. amusing. But when she tried to recollect in what their gallantry, politeness, charm, or wit had consisted, she was bound to suppose her memory at fault, for she could not name a thing. It was the same always. Nothing remained over the next day, yet the excitement of the moment was intense. Thus we are forced to conclude that society is one of those brews such as skilled housekeepers serve hot about Christmas time, whose flavour depends upon the proper mixing and stirring of a dozen different ingredients. Take one out, and it is in itself insipid. Take away Lord O., Lord A., Lord C., or Mr M. and separately each is nothing. Stir them all together and they combine to give off the most intoxicating of flavours, the most seductive of scents. Yet this intoxication, this seductiveness, entirely evade our analysis. At one and the same time, therefore, society is everything and society is nothing. Society is the most powerful concoction in the world and society has no existence whatsoever. Such monsters the poets and the novelists alone can deal with; with such something-nothings their works are stuffed out to prodigious size; and to them with the best will in the world we are content to leave it.

Following the example of our predecessors, therefore, we will only say that society in the reign of Queen Anne was of unparalleled brilliance. To have the entry there was the aim of every well-bred person. The graces were supreme. Fathers instructed their sons, mothers their daughters. No education was complete for either sex which did not include the science of deportment, the art of bowing and curtseying, the management of the sword and the fan, the care of the teeth, the conduct of the leg, the flexibility of the knee, the proper methods of entering and leaving the room, with a thousand etceteras, such as will immediately suggest themselves to anybody who has himself been in society. Since Orlando had won the praise of Queen Elizabeth for the way she handed a bowl of rose water as a boy, it must be supposed that she was sufficiently expert to pass muster. Yet it is true that there was an absentmindedness about her which sometimes made her clumsy; she was apt to think of poetry when she should have been thinking of taffeta; her walk was a little too much of a stride for a woman, perhaps, and her gestures, being abrupt, might endanger a cup of tea on occasion.

Whether this slight disability was enough to counterbalance the splendour of her bearing, or whether she inherited a drop too much of that black humour which ran in the veins of all her race, certain it is that she had not been in the world more than a score of times before she might have been heard to ask herself, had there been anybody but her spaniel Pippin to hear her, 'What the devil is the matter with me?' The occasion was Tuesday, the 16th of June 1712; she had just returned from a great ball at Arlington House; the dawn was in the sky, and she was pulling off her stockings. 'I don't care if I never meet another soul as long as I live,' cried Orlando, bursting into tears. Lovers she had in plenty, but life, which is, after all, of some importance in its way, escaped her. 'Is this', she asked--but there was none to answer, 'is this', she finished her sentence all the same, 'what people call life?' The spaniel raised her forepaw in token of sympathy. The spaniel licked Orlando with her tongue. Orlando stroked the spaniel with her hand. Orlando kissed the spaniel with her lips. In short, there was the truest sympathy between them that can be between a dog and its mistress, and yet it cannot be denied that the dumbness of animals is a great impediment to the refinements of intercourse. They wag their tails; they bow the front part of the body and elevate the hind; they roll, they jump, they paw, they whine, they bark, they slobber, they have all sorts of ceremonies and artifices of their own, but the whole thing is of no avail, since speak they cannot. Such was her quarrel, she thought, setting the dog gently on to the floor, with the great people at Arlington House. They, too, wag their tails, bow, roll, jump, paw, and slobber, but talk they cannot. 'All these months that I've been out in the world', said Orlando, pitching one stocking across the room, 'I've heard nothing but what Pippin might have said. I'm cold. I'm happy. I'm hungry. I've caught a mouse. I've buried a bone. Please kiss my nose.' And it was not enough.

How, in so short a time, she had passed from intoxication to disgust we will only seek to explain by supposing that this mysterious composition which we call society, is nothing absolutely good or bad in itself, but has a spirit in it, volatile but potent, which either makes you drunk when you think it, as Orlando thought it, delightful, or gives you a headache when you think it, as Orlando thought it, repulsive. That the faculty of speech has much to do with it either way, we take leave to doubt. Often a dumb hour is the most ravishing of all; brilliant wit can be tedious beyond description. But to the poets we leave it, and so on with our story.

Orlando threw the second stocking after the first and went to bed dismally enough, determined that she would forswear society for ever. But again as it turned out, she was too hasty in coming to her conclusions. For the very next morning she woke to find, among the usual cards of invitation upon her table, one from a certain great Lady, the Countess of R. Having determined overnight that she would never go into society again, we can only explain Orlando's behaviour--she sent a messenger hot-foot to R-- House to say that she would attend her Ladyship with all the pleasure in the world--by the fact that she was still suffering from the effect of three honeyed words dropped into her ear on the deck of the "Enamoured Lady" by Captain Nicholas Benedict Bartolus as they sailed down the Thames. Addison, Dryden, Pope, he had said, pointing to the Cocoa Tree, and Addison, Dryden, Pope had chimed in her head like an incantation ever since. Who can credit such folly? but so it was. All her experience with Nick Greene had taught her nothing. Such names still exercised over her the most powerful fascination. Something, perhaps, we must believe in, and as Orlando, we have said, had no belief in the usual divinities she bestowed her credulity upon great men--yet with a distinction. Admirals, soldiers, statesmen, moved her not at all. But the very thought of a great writer stirred her to such a pitch of belief that she almost believed him to be invisible. Her instinct was a sound one. One can only believe entirely, perhaps, in what one cannot see. The little glimpse she had of these great men from the deck of the ship was of the nature of a vision. That the cup was china, or the gazette paper, she doubted. When Lord O. said one day that he had dined with Dryden the night before, she flatly disbelieved him. Now, the Lady R.'s reception room had the reputation of being the antechamber to the presence room of genius; it was the place where men and women met to swing censers and chant hymns to the bust of genius in a niche in the wall. Sometimes the God himself vouchsafed his presence for a moment. Intellect alone admitted the suppliant, and nothing (so the report ran) was said inside that was not witty.

It was thus with great trepidation that Orlando entered the room. She found a company already assembled in a semicircle round the fire. Lady R., an oldish lady, of dark complexion, with a black lace mantilla on her head, was seated in a great arm-chair in the centre. Thus being somewhat deaf, she could control the conversation on both sides of her. On both sides of her sat men and women of the highest distinction. Every man, it was said, had been a Prime Minister and every woman, it was whispered, had been the mistress of a king. Certain it is that all were brilliant, and all were famous. Orlando took her seat with a deep reverence in silence...After three hours, she curtseyed profoundly and left.

But what, the reader may ask with some exasperation, happened in between. In three hours, such a company must have said the wittiest, the profoundest, the most interesting things in the world. So it would seem indeed. But the fact appears to be that they said nothing. It is a curious characteristic which they share with all the most brilliant societies that the world has seen. Old Madame du Deffand and her friends talked for fifty years without stopping. And of it all, what remains? Perhaps three witty sayings. So that we are at liberty to suppose either that nothing was said, or that nothing witty was said, or that the fraction of three witty sayings lasted eighteen thousand two hundred and fifty nights, which does not leave a liberal allowance of wit for any one of them.

The truth would seem to be--if we dare use such a word in such a connection--that all these groups of people lie under an enchantment. The hostess is our modern Sibyl. She is a witch who lays her guests under a spell. In this house they think themselves happy; in that witty; in a third profound. It is all an illusion (which is nothing against it, for illusions are the most valuable and necessary of all things, and she who can create one is among the world's greatest benefactors), but as it is notorious that illusions are shattered by conflict with reality, so no real happiness, no real wit, no real profundity are tolerated where the illusion prevails. This serves to explain why Madame du Deffand said no more than three witty things in the course of fifty years. Had she said more, her circle would have been destroyed. The witticism, as it left her lips, bowled over the current conversation as a cannon ball lays low the violets and the daisies. When she made her famous 'mot de Saint Denis' the very grass was singed. Disillusionment and desolation followed. Not a word was uttered. 'Spare us another such, for Heaven's sake, Madame!' her friends cried with one accord. And she obeyed. For almost seventeen years she said nothing memorable and all went well. The beautiful counterpane of illusion lay unbroken on her circle as it lay unbroken on the circle of Lady R. The guests thought that they were happy, thought that they were witty, thought that they were profound, and, as they thought this, other people thought it still more strongly; and so it got about that nothing was more delightful than one of Lady R.'s assemblies; everyone envied those who were admitted; those who were admitted envied themselves because other people envied them; and so there seemed no end to it--except that which we have now to relate.

For about the third time Orlando went there a certain incident occurred. She was still under the illusion that she was listening to the most brilliant epigrams in the world, though, as a matter of fact, old General C. was only saying, at some length, how the gout had left his left leg and gone to his right, while Mr L. interrupted when any proper name was mentioned, 'R.? Oh! I know Billy R. as well as I know myself. S.? My dearest friend. T.? Stayed with him a fortnight in Yorkshire'--which, such is the force of illusion, sounded like the wittiest repartee, the most searching comment upon human life, and kept the company in a roar; when the door opened and a little gentleman entered whose name Orlando did not catch. Soon a curiously disagreeable sensation came over her. To judge from their faces, the rest began to feel it as well. One gentleman said there was a draught. The Marchioness of C. feared a cat must be under the sofa. It was as if their eyes were being slowly opened after a pleasant dream and nothing met them but a cheap wash-stand and a dirty counterpane. It was as if the fumes of some delicious wine were slowly leaving them. Still the General talked and still Mr L. remembered. But it became more and more apparent how red the General's neck was, how bald Mr L.'s head was. As for what they said--nothing more tedious and trivial could be imagined. Everybody fidgeted and those who had fans yawned behind them. At last Lady R. rapped with hers upon the arm of her great chair. Both gentlemen stopped talking.

Then the little gentleman said,
He said next,
He said finally (These sayings are too well known to require repetition,
and besides, they are all to be found in his published works.),

Here, it cannot be denied, was true wit, true wisdom, true profundity. The company was thrown into complete dismay. One such saying was bad enough; but three, one after another, on the same evening! No society could survive it.

'Mr Pope,' said old Lady R. in a voice trembling with sarcastic fury, 'you are pleased to be witty.' Mr Pope flushed red. Nobody spoke a word. They sat in dead silence some twenty minutes. Then, one by one, they rose and slunk from the room. That they would ever come back after such an experience was doubtful. Link-boys could be heard calling their coaches all down South Audley Street. Doors were slammed and carriages drove off. Orlando found herself near Mr Pope on the staircase. His lean and misshapen frame was shaken by a variety of emotions. Darts of malice, rage, triumph, wit, and terror (he was shaking like a leaf) shot from his eyes. He looked like some squat reptile set with a burning topaz in its forehead. At the same time, the strangest tempest of emotion seized now upon the luckless Orlando. A disillusionment so complete as that inflicted not an hour ago leaves the mind rocking from side to side. Everything appears ten times more bare and stark than before. It is a moment fraught with the highest danger for the human spirit. Women turn nuns and men priests in such moments. In such moments, rich men sign away their wealth; and happy men cut their throats with carving knives. Orlando would have done all willingly, but there was a rasher thing still for her to do, and this she did. She invited Mr Pope to come home with her.

For if it is rash to walk into a lion's den unarmed, rash to navigate the Atlantic in a rowing boat, rash to stand on one foot on the top of St Paul's, it is still more rash to go home alone with a poet. A poet is Atlantic and lion in one. While one drowns us the other gnaws us. If we survive the teeth, we succumb to the waves. A man who can destroy illusions is both beast and flood. Illusions are to the soul what atmosphere is to the earth. Roll up that tender air and the plant dies, the colour fades. The earth we walk on is a parched cinder. It is marl we tread and fiery cobbles scorch our feet. By the truth we are undone. Life is a dream. 'Tis waking that kills us. He who robs us of our dreams robs us of our life--(and so on for six pages if you will, but the style is tedious and may well be dropped).

On this showing, however, Orlando should have been a heap of cinders by the time the chariot drew up at her house in Blackfriars. That she was still flesh and blood, though certainly exhausted, is entirely due to a fact to which we drew attention earlier in the narrative. The less we see the more we believe. Now the streets that lie between Mayfair and Blackfriars were at that time very imperfectly lit. True, the lighting was a great improvement upon that of the Elizabethan age. Then the benighted traveller had to trust to the stars or the red flame of some night watchman to save him from the gravel pits at Park Lane or the oak woods where swine rooted in the Tottenham Court Road. But even so it wanted much of our modern efficiency. Lamp-posts lit with oil-lamps occurred every two hundred yards or so, but between lay a considerable stretch of pitch darkness. Thus for ten minutes Orlando and Mr Pope would be in blackness; and then for about half a minute again in the light. A very strange state of mind was thus bred in Orlando. As the light faded, she began to feel steal over her the most delicious balm. 'This is indeed a very great honour for a young woman to be driving with Mr Pope,' she began to think, looking at the outline of his nose. 'I am the most blessed of my sex. Half an inch from me--indeed, I feel the knot of his knee ribbons pressing against my thigh--is the greatest wit in Her Majesty's dominions. Future ages will think of us with curiosity and envy me with fury.' Here came the lamp-post again. 'What a foolish wretch I am!' she thought. 'There is no such thing as fame and glory. Ages to come will never cast a thought on me or on Mr Pope either. What's an "age", indeed? What are "we"?' and their progress through Berkeley Square seemed the groping of two blind ants, momentarily thrown together without interest or concern in common, across a blackened desert. She shivered. But here again was darkness. Her illusion revived. 'How noble his brow is,' she thought (mistaking a hump on a cushion for Mr Pope's forehead in the darkness). 'What a weight of genius lives in it! What wit, wisdom, and truth--what a wealth of all those jewels, indeed, for which people are ready to barter their lives! Yours is the only light that burns for ever. But for you the human pilgrimage would be performed in utter darkness'; (here the coach gave a great lurch as it fell into a rut in Park Lane) 'without genius we should be upset and undone. Most august, most lucid of beams,'--thus she was apostrophizing the hump on the cushion when they drove beneath one of the street lamps in Berkeley Square and she realized her mistake. Mr Pope had a forehead no bigger than another man's. 'Wretched man,' she thought, 'how you have deceived me! I took that hump for your forehead. When one sees you plain, how ignoble, how despicable you are! Deformed and weakly, there is nothing to venerate in you, much to pity, most to despise.'

Again they were in darkness and her anger became modified directly she could see nothing but the poet's knees.

'But it is I that am a wretch,' she reflected, once they were in complete obscurity again, 'for base as you may be, am I not still baser? It is you who nourish and protect me, you who scare the wild beast, frighten the savage, make me clothes of the silkworm's wool, and carpets of the sheep's. If I want to worship, have you not provided me with an image of yourself and set it in the sky? Are not evidences of your care everywhere? How humble, how grateful, how docile, should I not be, therefore? Let it be all my joy to serve, honour, and obey you.'

Here they reached the big lamp-post at the corner of what is now Piccadilly Circus. The light blazed in her eyes, and she saw, besides some degraded creatures of her own sex, two wretched pigmies on a stark desert land. Both were naked, solitary, and defenceless. The one was powerless to help the other. Each had enough to do to look after itself. Looking Mr Pope full in the face, 'It is equally vain', she thought; 'for you to think you can protect me, or for me to think I can worship you. The light of truth beats upon us without shadow, and the light of truth is damnably unbecoming to us both.'

All this time, of course, they went on talking agreeably, as people of birth and education use, about the Queen's temper and the Prime Minister's gout, while the coach went from light to darkness down the Haymarket, along the Strand, up Fleet Street, and reached, at length, her house in Blackfriars. For some time the dark spaces between the lamps had been becoming brighter and the lamps themselves less bright--that is to say, the sun was rising, and it was in the equable but confused light of a summer's morning in which everything is seen but nothing is seen distinctly that they alighted, Mr Pope handing Orlando from her carriage and Orlando curtseying Mr Pope to precede her into her mansion with the most scrupulous attention to the rites of the Graces.

From the foregoing passage, however, it must not be supposed that genius (but the disease is now stamped out in the British Isles, the late Lord Tennyson, it is said, being the last person to suffer from it) is constantly alight, for then we should see everything plain and perhaps should be scorched to death in the process. Rather it resembles the lighthouse in its working, which sends one ray and then no more for a time; save that genius is much more capricious in its manifestations and may flash six or seven beams in quick succession (as Mr Pope did that night) and then lapse into darkness for a year or for ever. To steer by its beams is therefore impossible, and when the dark spell is on them men of genius are, it is said, much like other people.

It was happy for Orlando, though at first disappointing, that this should be so, for she now began to live much in the company of men of genius. Nor were they so different from the rest of us as one might have supposed. Addison, Pope, Swift, proved, she found, to be fond of tea. They liked arbours. They collected little bits of coloured glass. They adored grottos. Rank was not distasteful to them. Praise was delightful. They wore plum-coloured suits one day and grey another. Mr Swift had a fine malacca cane. Mr Addison scented his handkerchiefs. Mr Pope suffered with his head. A piece of gossip did not come amiss. Nor were they without their jealousies. (We are jotting down a few reflections that came to Orlando higgledy-piggledy.) At first, she was annoyed with herself for noticing such trifles, and kept a book in which to write down their memorable sayings, but the page remained empty. All the same, her spirits revived, and she took to tearing up her cards of invitation to great parties; kept her evenings free; began to look forward to Mr Pope's visit, to Mr Addison's, to Mr Swift's--and so on and so on. If the reader will here refer to the "Rape of the Lock", to the "Spectator", to "Gulliver's Travels", he will understand precisely what these mysterious words may mean. Indeed, biographers and critics might save themselves all their labours if readers would only take this advice. For when we read:

Whether the Nymph shall break Diana's Law,
Or some frail China Jar receive a Flaw,
Or stain her Honour, or her new Brocade,
Forget her Pray'rs or miss a Masquerade,
Or lose her Heart, or Necklace, at a Ball.

--we know as if we heard him how Mr Pope's tongue flickered like a lizard's, how his eyes flashed, how his hand trembled, how he loved, how he lied, how he suffered. In short, every secret of a writer's soul, every experience of his life; every quality of his mind is written large in his works; yet we require critics to explain the one and biographers to expound the other. That time hangs heavy on people's hands is the only explanation of the monstrous growth.

So, now that we have read a page or two of the "Rape of the Lock", we know exactly why Orlando was so much amused and so much frightened and so very bright-cheeked and bright-eyed that afternoon.

Mrs Nelly then knocked at the door to say that Mr Addison waited on her Ladyship. At this, Mr Pope got up with a wry smile, made his congee, and limped off. In came Mr Addison. Let us, as he takes his seat, read the following passage from the "Spectator":

'I consider woman as a beautiful, romantic animal, that may be adorned with furs and feathers, pearls and diamonds, ores and silks. The lynx shall cast its skin at her feet to make her a tippet, the peacock, parrot and swan shall pay contributions to her muff; the sea shall be searched for shells, and the rocks for gems, and every part of nature furnish out its share towards the embellishment of a creature that is the most consummate work of it. All this, I shall indulge them in, but as for the petticoat I have been speaking of, I neither can, nor will allow it.'

We hold that gentleman, cocked hat and all, in the hollow, of our hands. Look once more into the crystal. Is he not clear to the very wrinkle in his stocking? Does not every ripple and curve of his wit lie exposed before us, and his benignity and his timidity and his urbanity and the fact that he would marry a Countess and die very respectably in the end? All is clear. And when Mr Addison has said his say, there is a terrific rap at the door, and Mr Swift, who had these arbitrary ways with him, walks in unannounced. One moment, where is "Gulliver's Travels"? Here it is! Let us read a passage from the voyage to the Houyhnhnms:

'I enjoyed perfect Health of Body and Tranquillity of Mind; I did not find the Treachery or Inconstancy of a Friend, nor the Injuries of a secret or open Enemy. I had no occasion of bribing, flattering or pimping, to procure the Favour of any great Man or of his Minion. I wanted no Fence against Fraud or Oppression; Here was neither Physician to destroy my Body, nor Lawyer to ruin my Fortune; No Informer to watch my Words, and Actions, or forge Accusations against me for Hire: Here were no Gibers, Censurers, Backbiters, Pickpockets, Highwaymen, Housebreakers, Attorneys, Bawds, Buffoons, Gamesters, Politicians, Wits, splenetick tedious Talkers...'

But stop, stop your iron pelt of words, lest you flay us all alive, and yourself too! Nothing can be plainer than that violent man. He is so coarse and yet so clean; so brutal, yet so kind; scorns the whole world, yet talks baby language to a girl, and will die, can we doubt it? in a madhouse.

So Orlando poured out tea for them all; and sometimes, when the weather was fine, she carried them down to the country with her, and feasted them royally in the Round Parlour, which she had hung with their pictures all in a circle, so that Mr Pope could not say that Mr Addison came before him, or the other way about. They were very witty, too (but their wit is all in their books) and taught her the most important part of style, which is the natural run of the voice in speaking--a quality which none that has not heard it can imitate, not Greene even, with all his skill; for it is born of the air, and breaks like a wave on the furniture, and rolls and fades away, and is never to be recaptured, least of all by those who prick up their ears, half a century later, and try. They taught her this, merely by the cadence of their voices in speech; so that her style changed somewhat, and she wrote some very pleasant, witty verses and characters in prose. And so she lavished her wine on them and put bank-notes, which they took very kindly, beneath their plates at dinner, and accepted their dedications, and thought herself highly honoured by the exchange.

Thus time ran on, and Orlando could often be heard saying to herself with an emphasis which might, perhaps, make the hearer a little suspicious, 'Upon my soul, what a life this is!' (For she was still in search of that commodity.) But circumstances soon forced her to consider the matter more narrowly.

One day she was pouring out tea for Mr Pope while, as anyone can tell from the verses quoted above, he sat very bright-eyed, observant, and all crumpled up in a chair by her side.

'Lord,' she thought, as she raised the sugar tongs, 'how women in ages to come will envy me! And yet--' she paused; for Mr Pope needed her attention. And yet--let us finish her thought for her--when anybody says 'How future ages will envy me', it is safe to say that they are extremely uneasy at the present moment. Was this life quite so exciting, quite so flattering, quite so glorious as it sounds when the memoir writer has done his work upon it? For one thing, Orlando had a positive hatred of tea; for another, the intellect, divine as it is, and all-worshipful, has a habit of lodging in the most seedy of carcases, and often, alas, acts the cannibal among the other faculties so that often, where the Mind is biggest, the Heart, the Senses, Magnanimity, Charity, Tolerance, Kindliness, and the rest of them scarcely have room to breathe. Then the high opinion poets have of themselves; then the low one they have of others; then the enmities, injuries, envies, and repartees in which they are constantly engaged; then the volubility with which they impart them; then the rapacity with which they demand sympathy for them; all this, one may whisper, lest the wits may overhear us, makes pouring out tea a more precarious and, indeed, arduous occupation than is generally allowed. Added to which (we whisper again lest the women may overhear us), there is a little secret which men share among them; Lord Chesterfield whispered it to his son with strict injunctions to secrecy, 'Women are but children of a larger growth...A man of sense only trifles with them, plays with them, humours and flatters them', which, since children always hear what they are not meant to, and sometimes, even, grow up, may have somehow leaked out, so that the whole ceremony of pouring out tea is a curious one. A woman knows very well that, though a wit sends her his poems, praises her judgment, solicits her criticism, and drinks her tea, this by no means signifies that he respects her opinions, admires her understanding, or will refuse, though the rapier is denied him, to run her through the body with his pen. All this, we say, whisper it as low as we can, may have leaked out by now; so that even with the cream jug suspended and the sugar tongs distended the ladies may fidget a little, look out of the window a little, yawn a little, and so let the sugar fall with a great plop--as Orlando did now--into Mr Pope's tea. Never was any mortal so ready to suspect an insult or so quick to avenge one as Mr Pope. He turned to Orlando and presented her instantly with the rough draught of a certain famous line in the 'Characters of Women'. Much polish was afterwards bestowed on it, but even in the original it was striking enough. Orlando received it with a curtsey. Mr Pope left her with a bow. Orlando, to cool her cheeks, for really she felt as if the little man had struck her, strolled in the nut grove at the bottom of the garden. Soon the cool breezes did their work. To her amazement she found that she was hugely relieved to find herself alone. She watched the merry boatloads rowing up the river. No doubt the sight put her in mind of one or two incidents in her past life. She sat herself down in profound meditation beneath a fine willow tree. There she sat till the stars were in the sky. Then she rose, turned, and went into the house, where she sought her bedroom and locked the door. Now she opened a cupboard in which hung still many of the clothes she had worn as a young man of fashion, and from among them she chose a black velvet suit richly trimmed with Venetian lace. It was a little out of fashion, indeed, but it fitted her to perfection and dressed in it she looked the very figure of a noble Lord. She took a turn or two before the mirror to make sure that her petticoats had not lost her the freedom of her legs, and then let herself secretly out of doors.

It was a fine night early in April. A myriad stars mingling with the light of a sickle moon, which again was enforced by the street lamps, made a light infinitely becoming to the human countenance and to the architecture of Mr Wren. Everything appeared in its tenderest form, yet, just as it seemed on the point of dissolution, some drop of silver sharpened it to animation. Thus it was that talk should be, thought Orlando (indulging in foolish reverie); that society should be, that friendship should be, that love should be. For, Heaven knows why, just as we have lost faith in human intercourse some random collocation of barns and trees or a haystack and a waggon presents us with so perfect a symbol of what is unattainable that we begin the search again.

She entered Leicester Square as she made these observations. The buildings had an airy yet formal symmetry not theirs by day. The canopy of the sky seemed most dexterously washed in to fill up the outline of roof and chimney. A young woman who sat dejectedly with one arm drooping by her side, the other reposing in her lap, on a seat beneath a plane tree in the middle of the square seemed the very figure of grace, simplicity, and desolation. Orlando swept her hat off to her in the manner of a gallant paying his addresses to a lady of fashion in a public place. The young woman raised her head. It was of the most exquisite shapeliness. The young woman raised her eyes. Orlando saw them to be of a lustre such as is sometimes seen on teapots but rarely in a human face. Through this silver glaze the young woman looked up at him (for a man he was to her) appealing, hoping, trembling, fearing. She rose; she accepted his arm. For--need we stress the point?--she was of the tribe which nightly burnishes their wares, and sets them in order on the common counter to wait the highest bidder. She led Orlando to the room in Gerrard Street which was her lodging. To feel her hanging lightly yet like a suppliant on her arm, roused in Orlando all the feelings which become a man. She looked, she felt, she talked like one. Yet, having been so lately a woman herself, she suspected that the girl's timidity and her hesitating answers and the very fumbling with the key in the latch and the fold of her cloak and the droop of her wrist were all put on to gratify her masculinity. Upstairs they went, and the pains which the poor creature had been at to decorate her room and hide the fact that she had no other deceived Orlando not a moment. The deception roused her scorn; the truth roused her pity. One thing showing through the other bred the oddest assortment of feeling, so that she did not know whether to laugh or to cry. Meanwhile Nell, as the girl called herself, unbuttoned her gloves; carefully concealed the left-hand thumb, which wanted mending; then drew behind a screen, where, perhaps, she rouged her cheeks, arranged her clothes, fixed a new kerchief round her neck--all the time prattling as women do, to amuse her lover, though Orlando could have sworn, from the tone of her voice, that her thoughts were elsewhere. When all was ready, out she came, prepared--but here Orlando could stand it no longer. In the strangest torment of anger, merriment, and pity she flung off all disguise and admitted herself a woman.

At this, Nell burst into such a roar of laughter as might have been heard across the way.

'Well, my dear,' she said, when she had somewhat recovered, 'I'm by no means sorry to hear it. For the plain Dunstable of the matter is' (and it was remarkable how soon, on discovering that they were of the same sex, her manner changed and she dropped her plaintive, appealing ways), 'the plain Dunstable of the matter is, that I'm not in the mood for the society of the other sex to-night. Indeed, I'm in the devil of a fix.' Whereupon, drawing up the fire and stirring a bowl of punch, she told Orlando the whole story of her life. Since it is Orlando's life that engages us at present, we need not relate the adventures of the other lady, but it is certain that Orlando had never known the hours speed faster or more merrily, though Mistress Nell had not a particle of wit about her, and when the name of Mr Pope came up in talk asked innocently if he were connected with the perruque maker of that name in Jermyn Street. Yet, to Orlando, such is the charm of ease and the seduction of beauty, this poor girl's talk, larded though it was with the commonest expressions of the street corners, tasted like wine after the fine phrases she had been used to, and she was forced to the conclusion that there was something in the sneer of Mr Pope, in the condescension of Mr Addison, and in the secret of Lord Chesterfield which took away her relish for the society of wits, deeply though she must continue to respect their works.

These poor creatures, she ascertained, for Nell brought Prue, and Prue Kitty, and Kitty Rose, had a society of their own of which they now elected her a member. Each would tell the story of the adventures which had landed her in her present way of life. Several were the natural daughters of earls and one was a good deal nearer than she should have been to the King's person. None was too wretched or too poor but to have some ring or handkerchief in her pocket which stood her in lieu of pedigree. So they would draw round the punch-bowl which Orlando made it her business to furnish generously, and many were the fine tales they told and many the amusing observations they made, for it cannot be denied that when women get together--but hist--they are always careful to see that the doors are shut and that not a word of it gets into print. All they desire is--but hist again--is that not a man's step on the stair? All they desire, we were about to say when the gentleman took the very words out of our mouths. Women have no desires, says this gentleman, coming into Nell's parlour; only affectations. Without desires (she has served him and he is gone) their conversation cannot be of the slightest interest to anyone. 'It is well known', says Mr S. W., 'that when they lack the stimulus of the other sex, women can find nothing to say to each other. When they are alone, they do not talk, they scratch.' And since they cannot talk together and scratching cannot continue without interruption and it is well known (Mr T. R. has proved it) 'that women are incapable of any feeling of affection for their own sex and hold each other in the greatest aversion', what can we suppose that women do when they seek out each other's society?

As that is not a question that can engage the attention of a sensible man, let us, who enjoy the immunity of all biographers and historians from any sex whatever, pass it over, and merely state that Orlando professed great enjoyment in the society of her own sex, and leave it to the gentlemen to prove, as they are very fond of doing, that this is impossible.

But to give an exact and particular account of Orlando's life at this time becomes more and more out of the question. As we peer and grope in the ill-lit, ill-paved, ill-ventilated courtyards that lay about Gerrard Street and Drury Lane at that time, we seem now to catch sight of her and then again to lose it. The task is made still more difficult by the fact that she found it convenient at this time to change frequently from one set of clothes to another. Thus she often occurs in contemporary memoirs as 'Lord' So-and-so, who was in fact her cousin; her bounty is ascribed to him, and it is he who is said to have written the poems that were really hers. She had, it seems, no difficulty in sustaining the different parts, for her sex changed far more frequently than those who have worn only one set of clothing can conceive; nor can there be any doubt that she reaped a twofold harvest by this device; the pleasures of life were increased and its experiences multiplied. For the probity of breeches she exchanged the seductiveness of petticoats and enjoyed the love of both sexes equally.

So then one may sketch her spending her morning in a China robe of ambiguous gender among her books; then receiving a client or two (for she had many scores of suppliants) in the same garment; then she would take a turn in the garden and clip the nut trees--for which knee-breeches were convenient; then she would change into a flowered taffeta which best suited a drive to Richmond and a proposal of marriage from some great nobleman; and so back again to town, where she would don a snuff-coloured gown like a lawyer's and visit the courts to hear how her cases were doing,--for her fortune was wasting hourly and the suits seemed no nearer consummation than they had been a hundred years ago; and so, finally, when night came, she would more often than not become a nobleman complete from head to toe and walk the streets in search of adventure.

Returning from some of these junketings--of which there were many stories told at the time, as, that she fought a duel, served on one of the King's ships as a captain, was seen to dance naked on a balcony, and fled with a certain lady to the Low Countries where the lady's husband followed them--but of the truth or otherwise of these stories, we express no opinion--returning from whatever her occupation may have been, she made a point sometimes of passing beneath the windows of a coffee house, where she could see the wits without being seen, and thus could fancy from their gestures what wise, witty, or spiteful things they were saying without hearing a word of them; which was perhaps an advantage; and once she stood half an hour watching three shadows on the blind drinking tea together in a house in Bolt Court.

Never was any play so absorbing. She wanted to cry out, Bravo! Bravo! For, to be sure, what a fine drama it was--what a page torn from the thickest volume of human life! There was the little shadow with the pouting lips, fidgeting this way and that on his chair, uneasy, petulant, officious; there was the bent female shadow, crooking a finger in the cup to feel how deep the tea was, for she was blind; and there was the Roman-looking rolling shadow in the big armchair--he who twisted his fingers so oddly and jerked his head from side to side and swallowed down the tea in such vast gulps. Dr Johnson, Mr Boswell, and Mrs Williams,--those were the shadows' names. So absorbed was she in the sight, that she forgot to think how other ages would have envied her, though it seems probable that on this occasion they would. She was content to gaze and gaze. At length Mr Boswell rose. He saluted the old woman with tart asperity. But with what humility did he not abase himself before the great Roman shadow, who now rose to its full height and rocking somewhat as he stood there rolled out the most magnificent phrases that ever left human lips; so Orlando thought them, though she never heard a word that any of the three shadows said as they sat there drinking tea.

At length she came home one night after one of these saunterings and mounted to her bedroom. She took off her laced coat and stood there in shirt and breeches looking out of the window. There was something stirring in the air which forbade her to go to bed. A white haze lay over the town, for it was a frosty night in midwinter and a magnificent vista lay all round her. She could see St Paul's, the Tower, Westminster Abbey, with all the spires and domes of the city churches, the smooth bulk of its banks, the opulent and ample curves of its halls and meeting-places. On the north rose the smooth, shorn heights of Hampstead, and in the west the streets and squares of Mayfair shone out in one clear radiance. Upon this serene and orderly prospect the stars looked down, glittering, positive, hard, from a cloudless sky. In the extreme clearness of the atmosphere the line of every roof, the cowl of every chimney, was perceptible; even the cobbles in the streets showed distinct one from another, and Orlando could not help comparing this orderly scene with the irregular and huddled purlieus which had been the city of London in the reign of Queen Elizabeth. Then, she remembered, the city, if such one could call it, lay crowded, a mere huddle and conglomeration of houses, under her windows at Blackfriars. The stars reflected themselves in deep pits of stagnant water which lay in the middle of the streets. A black shadow at the corner where the wine shop used to stand was, as likely as not, the corpse of a murdered man. She could remember the cries of many a one wounded in such night brawlings, when she was a little boy, held to the diamond-paned window in her nurse's arms. Troops of ruffians, men and women, unspeakably interlaced, lurched down the streets, trolling out wild songs with jewels flashing in their ears, and knives gleaming in their fists. On such a night as this the impermeable tangle of the forests on Highgate and Hampstead would be outlined, writhing in contorted intricacy against the sky. Here and there, on one of the hills which rose above London, was a stark gallows tree, with a corpse nailed to rot or parch on its cross; for danger and insecurity, lust and violence, poetry and filth swarmed over the tortuous Elizabethan highways and buzzed and stank--Orlando could remember even now the smell of them on a hot night--in the little rooms and narrow pathways of the city. Now--she leant out of her window--all was light, order, and serenity. There was the faint rattle of a coach on the cobbles. She heard the far-away cry of the night watchman--'Just twelve o'clock on a frosty morning'. No sooner had the words left his lips than the first stroke of midnight sounded. Orlando then for the first time noticed a small cloud gathered behind the dome of St Paul's. As the strokes sounded, the cloud increased, and she saw it darken and spread with extraordinary speed. At the same time a light breeze rose and by the time the sixth stroke of midnight had struck the whole of the eastern sky was covered with an irregular moving darkness, though the sky to the west and north stayed clear as ever. Then the cloud spread north. Height upon height above the city was engulfed by it. Only Mayfair, with all its lights shining. burnt more brilliantly than ever by contrast. With the eighth stroke, some hurrying tatters of cloud sprawled over Piccadilly. They seemed to mass themselves and to advance with extraordinary rapidity towards the west end. As the ninth, tenth, and eleventh strokes struck, a huge blackness sprawled over the whole of London. With the twelfth stroke of midnight, the darkness was complete. A turbulent welter of cloud covered the city. All was darkness; all was doubt; all was confusion. The Eighteenth century was over; the Nineteenth century had begun.

CHAPTER 5.

The great cloud which hung, not only over London, but over the whole of the British Isles on the first day of the nineteenth century stayed, or rather, did not stay, for it was buffeted about constantly by blustering gales, long enough to have extraordinary consequences upon those who lived beneath its shadow. A change seemed to have come over the climate of England. Rain fell frequently, but only in fitful gusts, which were no sooner over than they began again. The sun shone, of course, but it was so girt about with clouds and the air was so saturated with water, that its beams were discoloured and purples, oranges, and reds of a dull sort took the place of the more positive landscapes of the eighteenth century. Under this bruised and sullen canopy the green of the cabbages was less intense, and the white of the snow was muddied. But what was worse, damp now began to make its way into every house--damp, which is the most insidious of all enemies, for while the sun can be shut out by blinds, and the frost roasted by a hot fire, damp steals in while we sleep; damp is silent, imperceptible, ubiquitous. Damp swells the wood, furs the kettle, rusts the iron, rots the stone. So gradual is the process, that it is not until we pick up some chest of drawers, or coal scuttle, and the whole thing drops to pieces in our hands, that we suspect even that the disease is at work.

Thus, stealthily and imperceptibly, none marking the exact day or hour of the change, the constitution of England was altered and nobody knew it. Everywhere the effects were felt. The hardy country gentleman, who had sat down gladly to a meal of ale and beef in a room designed, perhaps by the brothers Adam, with classic dignity, now felt chilly. Rugs appeared; beards were grown; trousers were fastened tight under the instep. The chill which he felt in his legs the country gentleman soon transferred to his house; furniture was muffled; walls and tables were covered; nothing was left bare. Then a change of diet became essential. The muffin was invented and the crumpet. Coffee supplanted the after-dinner port, and, as coffee led to a drawing-room in which to drink it, and a drawing-room to glass cases, and glass cases to artificial flowers, and artificial flowers to mantelpieces, and mantelpieces to pianofortes, and pianofortes to drawing-room ballads, and drawing-room ballads (skipping a stage or two) to innumerable little dogs, mats, and china ornaments, the home--which had become extremely important--was completely altered.

Outside the house--it was another effect of the damp--ivy grew in unparalleled profusion. Houses that had been of bare stone were smothered in greenery. No garden, however formal its original design, lacked a shrubbery, a wilderness, a maze. What light penetrated to the bedrooms where children were born was naturally of an obfusc green, and what light penetrated to the drawing-rooms where grown men and women lived came through curtains of brown and purple plush. But the change did not stop at outward things. The damp struck within. Men felt the chill in their hearts; the damp in their minds. In a desperate effort to snuggle their feelings into some sort of warmth one subterfuge was tried after another. Love, birth, and death were all swaddled in a variety of fine phrases. The sexes drew further and further apart. No open conversation was tolerated. Evasions and concealments were sedulously practised on both sides. And just as the ivy and the evergreen rioted in the damp earth outside, so did the same fertility show itself within. The life of the average woman was a succession of childbirths. She married at nineteen and had fifteen or eighteen children by the time she was thirty; for twins abounded. Thus the British Empire came into existence; and thus--for there is no stopping damp; it gets into the inkpot as it gets into the woodwork--sentences swelled, adjectives multiplied, lyrics became epics, and little trifles that had been essays a column long were now encyclopaedias in ten or twenty volumes. But Eusebius Chubb shall be our witness to the effect this all had upon the mind of a sensitive man who could do nothing to stop it. There is a passage towards the end of his memoirs where he describes how, after writing thirty-five folio pages one morning 'all about nothing' he screwed the lid of his inkpot and went for a turn in his garden. Soon he found himself involved in the shrubbery. Innumerable leaves creaked and glistened above his head. He seemed to himself 'to crush the mould of a million more under his feet'. Thick smoke exuded from a damp bonfire at the end of the garden. He reflected that no fire on earth could ever hope to consume that vast vegetable encumbrance. Wherever he looked, vegetation was rampant. Cucumbers 'came scrolloping across the grass to his feet'. Giant cauliflowers towered deck above deck till they rivalled, to his disordered imagination, the elm trees themselves. Hens laid incessantly eggs of no special tint. Then, remembering with a sigh his own fecundity and his poor wife Jane, now in the throes of her fifteenth confinement indoors, how, he asked himself, could he blame the fowls? He looked upwards into the sky. Did not heaven itself, or that great frontispiece of heaven, which is the sky, indicate the assent, indeed, the instigation of the heavenly hierarchy? For there, winter or summer, year in year out, the clouds turned and tumbled, like whales, he pondered, or elephants rather; but no, there was no escaping the simile which was pressed upon him from a thousand airy acres; the whole sky itself as it spread wide above the British Isles was nothing but a vast feather bed; and the undistinguished fecundity of the garden, the bedroom and the henroost was copied there. He went indoors, wrote the passage quoted above, laid his head in a gas oven, and when they found him later he was past revival.

While this went on in every part of England, it was all very well for Orlando to mew herself in her house at Blackfriars and pretend that the climate was the same; that one could still say what one liked and wear knee-breeches or skirts as the fancy took one. Even she, at length, was forced to acknowledge that times were changed. One afternoon in the early part of the century she was driving through St James's Park in her old panelled coach when one of those sunbeams, which occasionally, though not often, managed to come to earth, struggled through, marbling the clouds with strange prismatic colours as it passed. Such a sight was sufficiently strange after the clear and uniform skies of the eighteenth century to cause her to pull the window down and look at it. The puce and flamingo clouds made her think with a pleasurable anguish, which proves that she was insensibly afflicted with the damp already, of dolphins dying in Ionian seas. But what was her surprise when, as it struck the earth, the sunbeam seemed to call forth, or to light up, a pyramid, hecatomb, or trophy (for it had something of a banquet-table air)--a conglomeration at any rate of the most heterogeneous and ill-assorted objects, piled higgledy-piggledy in a vast mound where the statue of Queen Victoria now stands! Draped about a vast cross of fretted and floriated gold were widow's weeds and bridal veils; hooked on to other excrescences were crystal palaces, bassinettes, military helmets, memorial wreaths, trousers, whiskers, wedding cakes, cannon, Christmas trees, telescopes, extinct monsters, globes, maps, elephants, and mathematical instruments--the whole supported like a gigantic coat of arms on the right side by a female figure clothed in flowing white; on the left by a portly gentleman wearing a frock-coat and sponge-bag trousers. The incongruity of the objects, the association of the fully clothed and the partly draped, the garishness of the different colours and their plaid-like juxtapositions afflicted Orlando with the most profound dismay. She had never, in all her life, seen anything at once so indecent, so hideous, and so monumental. It might, and indeed it must be, the effect of the sun on the water-logged air; it would vanish with the first breeze that blew; but for all that, it looked, as she drove past, as if it were destined to endure for ever. Nothing, she felt, sinking back into the corner of her coach, no wind, rain, sun, or thunder, could ever demolish that garish erection. Only the noses would mottle and the trumpets would rust; but there they would remain, pointing east, west, south, and north, eternally. She looked back as her coach swept up Constitution Hill. Yes, there it was, still beaming placidly in a light which--she pulled her watch out of her fob--was, of course, the light of twelve o'clock mid-day. None other could be so prosaic, so matter-of-fact, so impervious to any hint of dawn or sunset, so seemingly calculated to last for ever. She was determined not to look again. Already she felt the tides of her blood run sluggishly. But what was more peculiar a blush, vivid and singular, overspread her cheeks as she passed Buckingham Palace and her eyes seemed forced by a superior power down upon her knees. Suddenly she saw with a start that she was wearing black breeches. She never ceased blushing till she had reached her country house, which, considering the time it takes four horses to trot thirty miles, will be taken, we hope, as a signal proof of her chastity.

Once there, she followed what had now become the most imperious need of her nature and wrapped herself as well as she could in a damask quilt which she snatched from her bed. She explained to the Widow Bartholomew (who had succeeded good old Grimsditch as housekeeper) that she felt chilly.

'So do we all, m'lady,' said the Widow, heaving a profound sigh. 'The walls is sweating,' she said, with a curious, lugubrious complacency, and sure enough, she had only to lay her hand on the oak panels for the finger-prints to be marked there. The ivy had grown so profusely that many windows were now sealed up. The kitchen was so dark that they could scarcely tell a kettle from a cullender. A poor black cat had been mistaken for coals and shovelled on the fire. Most of the maids were already wearing three or four red-flannel petticoats, though the month was August.

'But is it true, m'lady,' the good woman asked, hugging herself, while the golden crucifix heaved on her bosom, 'that the Queen, bless her, is wearing a what d'you call it, a--,' the good woman hesitated and blushed.

'A crinoline,' Orlando helped her out with it (for the word had reached Blackfriars). Mrs Bartholomew nodded. The tears were already running down her cheeks, but as she wept she smiled. For it was pleasant to weep. Were they not all of them weak women? wearing crinolines the better to conceal the fact; the great fact; the only fact; but, nevertheless, the deplorable fact; which every modest woman did her best to deny until denial was impossible; the fact that she was about to bear a child? to bear fifteen or twenty children indeed, so that most of a modest woman's life was spent, after all, in denying what, on one day at least of every year, was made obvious.

'The muffins is keepin' 'ot,' said Mrs Bartholomew, mopping up her tears, 'in the liberry.'

And wrapped in a damask bed quilt, to a dish of muffins Orlando now sat down.

'The muffins is keepin' 'ot in the liberry'--Orlando minced out the horrid cockney phrase in Mrs Bartholomew's refined cockney accents as she drank--but no, she detested the mild fluid--her tea. It was in this very room, she remembered, that Queen Elizabeth had stood astride the fireplace with a flagon of beer in her hand, which she suddenly dashed on the table when Lord Burghley tactlessly used the imperative instead of the subjunctive. 'Little man, little man,'--Orlando could hear her say--'is "must" a word to be addressed to princes?' And down came the flagon on the table: there was the mark of it still.

But when Orlando leapt to her feet, as the mere thought of that great Queen commanded, the bed quilt tripped her up, and she fell back in her arm-chair with a curse. Tomorrow she would have to buy twenty yards or more of black bombazine, she supposed, to make a skirt. And then (here she blushed), she would have to buy a crinoline, and then (here she blushed) a bassinette, and then another crinoline, and so on...The blushes came and went with the most exquisite iteration of modesty and shame imaginable. One might see the spirit of the age blowing, now hot, now cold, upon her cheeks. And if the spirit of the age blew a little unequally, the crinoline being blushed for before the husband, her ambiguous position must excuse her (even her sex was still in dispute) and the irregular life she had lived before.

At length the colour on her cheeks resumed its stability and it seemed as if the spirit of the age--if such indeed it were--lay dormant for a time. Then Orlando felt in the bosom of her shirt as if for some locket or relic of lost affection, and drew out no such thing, but a roll of paper, sea-stained, blood-stained, travel-stained--the manuscript of her poem, 'The Oak Tree'. She had carried this about with her for so many years now, and in such hazardous circumstances, that many of the pages were stained, some were torn, while the straits she had been in for writing paper when with the gipsies, had forced her to overscore the margins and cross the lines till the manuscript looked like a piece of darning most conscientiously carried out. She turned back to the first page and read the date, 1586, written in her own boyish hand. She had been working at it for close three hundred years now. It was time to make an end. Meanwhile she began turning and dipping and reading and skipping and thinking as she read, how very little she had changed all these years. She had been a gloomy boy, in love with death, as boys are; and then she had been amorous and florid; and then she had been sprightly and satirical; and sometimes she had tried prose and sometimes she had tried drama. Yet through all these changes she had remained, she reflected, fundamentally the same. She had the same brooding meditative temper, the same love of animals and nature, the same passion for the country and the seasons.

'After all,' she thought, getting up and going to the window, 'nothing has changed. The house, the garden are precisely as they were. Not a chair has been moved, not a trinket sold. There are the same walks, the same lawns, the same trees, and the same pool, which, I dare say, has the same carp in it. True, Queen Victoria is on the throne and not Queen Elizabeth, but what difference...'

No sooner had the thought taken shape, than, as if to rebuke it, the door was flung wide and in marched Basket, the butler, followed by Bartholomew, the housekeeper, to clear away tea. Orlando, who had just dipped her pen in the ink, and was about to indite some reflection upon the eternity of all things, was much annoyed to be impeded by a blot, which spread and meandered round her pen. It was some infirmity of the quill, she supposed; it was split or dirty. She dipped it again. The blot increased. She tried to go on with what she was saying; no words came. Next she began to decorate the blot with wings and whiskers, till it became a round-headed monster, something between a bat and a wombat. But as for writing poetry with Basket and Bartholomew in the room, it was impossible. No sooner had she said 'Impossible' than, to her astonishment and alarm, the pen began to curve and caracole with the smoothest possible fluency. Her page was written in the neatest sloping Italian hand with the most insipid verse she had ever read in her life:

I am myself but a vile link
Amid life's weary chain,
But I have spoken hallow'd words,
Oh, do not say in vain!

Will the young maiden, when her tears,
Alone in moonlight shine,
Tears for the absent and the loved,
Murmur--

she wrote without a stop as Bartholomew and Basket grunted and groaned about the room, mending the fire, picking up the muffins.

Again she dipped her pen and off it went:--

She was so changed, the soft carnation cloud
Once mantling o'er her cheek like that which eve
Hangs o'er the sky, glowing with roseate hue,
Had faded into paleness, broken by
Bright burning blushes, torches of the tomb,

but here, by an abrupt movement she spilt the ink ever the page and blotted it from human sight she hoped for ever. She was all of a quiver, all of a stew. Nothing more repulsive could be imagined than to feel the ink flowing thus in cascades of involuntary inspiration. What had happened to her? Was it the damp, was it Bartholomew, was it Basket, what was it? she demanded. But the room was empty. No one answered her, unless the dripping of the rain in the ivy could be taken for an answer.

Meanwhile, she became conscious, as she stood at the window, of an extraordinary tingling and vibration all over her, as if she were made of a thousand wires upon which some breeze or errant fingers were playing scales. Now her toes tingled; now her marrow. She had the queerest sensations about the thigh bones. Her hairs seemed to erect themselves. Her arms sang and twanged as the telegraph wires would be singing and twanging in twenty years or so. But all this agitation seemed at length to concentrate in her hands; and then in one hand, and then in one finger of that hand, and then finally to contract itself so that it made a ring of quivering sensibility about the second finger of the left hand. And when she raised it to see what caused this agitation, she saw nothing--nothing but the vast solitary emerald which Queen Elizabeth had given her. And was that not enough? she asked. It was of the finest water. It was worth ten thousand pounds at least. The vibration seemed, in the oddest way (but remember we are dealing with some of the darkest manifestations of the human soul) to say No, that is not enough; and, further, to assume a note of interrogation, as though it were asking, what did it mean, this hiatus, this strange oversight? till poor Orlando felt positively ashamed of the second finger of her left hand without in the least knowing why. At this moment, Bartholomew came in to ask which dress she should lay out for dinner, and Orlando, whose senses were much quickened, instantly glanced at Bartholomew's left hand, and instantly perceived what she had never noticed before--a thick ring of rather jaundiced yellow circling the third finger where her own was bare.

'Let me look at your ring, Bartholomew,' she said, stretching her hand to take it.

At this, Bartholomew made as if she had been struck in the breast by a rogue. She started back a pace or two, clenched her hand and flung it away from her with a gesture that was noble in the extreme. 'No,' she said, with resolute dignity, her Ladyship might look if she pleased, but as for taking off her wedding ring, not the Archbishop nor the Pope nor Queen Victoria on her throne could force her to do that. Her Thomas had put it on her finger twenty-five years, six months, three weeks ago; she had slept in it; worked in it; washed in it; prayed in it; and proposed to be buried in it. In fact, Orlando understood her to say, but her voice was much broken with emotion; that it was by the gleam on her wedding ring that she would be assigned her station among the angels and its lustre would be tarnished for ever if she let it out of her keeping for a second.

'Heaven help us,' said Orlando, standing at the window and watching the pigeons at their pranks, 'what a world we live in! What a world to be sure!' Its complexities amazed her. It now seemed to her that the whole world was ringed with gold. She went in to dinner. Wedding rings abounded. She went to church. Wedding rings were everywhere. She drove out. Gold, or pinchbeck, thin, thick, plain, smooth, they glowed dully on every hand. Rings filled the jewellers' shops, not the flashing pastes and diamonds of Orlando's recollection, but simple bands without a stone in them. At the same time, she began to notice a new habit among the town people. In the old days, one would meet a boy trifling with a girl under a hawthorn hedge frequently enough. Orlando had flicked many a couple with the tip of her whip and laughed and passed on. Now, all that was changed. Couples trudged and plodded in the middle of the road indissolubly linked together. The woman's right hand was invariably passed through the man's left and her fingers were firmly gripped by his. Often it was not till the horses' noses were on them that they budged, and then, though they moved it was all in one piece, heavily, to the side of the road. Orlando could only suppose that some new discovery had been made about the race; that they were somehow stuck together, couple after couple, but who had made it and when, she could not guess. It did not seem to be Nature. She looked at the doves and the rabbits and the elk-hounds and she could not see that Nature had changed her ways or mended them, since the time of Elizabeth at least. There was no indissoluble alliance among the brutes that she could see. Could it be Queen Victoria then, or Lord Melbourne? Was it from them that the great discovery of marriage proceeded? Yet the Queen, she pondered, was said to be fond of dogs, and Lord Melbourne, she had heard, was said to be fond of women. It was strange--it was distasteful; indeed, there was something in this indissolubility of bodies which was repugnant to her sense of decency and sanitation. Her ruminations, however, were accompanied by such a tingling and twanging of the afflicted finger that she could scarcely keep her ideas in order. They were languishing and ogling like a housemaid's fancies. They made her blush. There was nothing for it but to buy one of those ugly bands and wear it like the rest. This she did, slipping it, overcome with shame, upon her finger in the shadow of a curtain; but without avail. The tingling persisted more violently, more indignantly than ever. She did not sleep a wink that night. Next morning when she took up the pen to write, either she could think of nothing, and the pen made one large lachrymose blot after another, or it ambled off, more alarmingly still, into mellifluous fluencies about early death and corruption, which were worse than no thinking at all. For it would seem--her case proved it--that we write, not with the fingers, but with the whole person. The nerve which controls the pen winds itself about every fibre of our being, threads the heart, pierces the liver. Though the seat of her trouble seemed to be the left hand, she could feel herself poisoned through and through, and was forced at length to consider the most desperate of remedies, which was to yield completely and submissively to the spirit of the age, and take a husband.

That this was much against her natural temperament has been sufficiently made plain. When the sound of the Archduke's chariot wheels died away, the cry that rose to her lips was 'Life! A Lover!' not 'Life! A Husband!' and it was in pursuit of this aim that she had gone to town and run about the world as has been shown in the previous chapter. Such is the indomitable nature of the spirit of the age, however, that it batters down anyone who tries to make stand against it far more effectually than those who bend its own way. Orlando had inclined herself naturally to the Elizabethan spirit, to the Restoration spirit, to the spirit of the eighteenth century, and had in consequence scarcely been aware of the change from one age to the other. But the spirit of the nineteenth century was antipathetic to her in the extreme, and thus it took her and broke her, and she was aware of her defeat at its hands as she had never been before. For it is probable that the human spirit has its place in time assigned to it; some are born of this age, some of that; and now that Orlando was grown a woman, a year or two past thirty indeed, the lines of her character were fixed, and to bend them the wrong way was intolerable.

So she stood mournfully at the drawing-room window (Bartholomew had so christened the library) dragged down by the weight of the crinoline which she had submissively adopted. It was heavier and more drab than any dress she had yet worn. None had ever so impeded her movements. No longer could she stride through the garden with her dogs, or run lightly to the high mound and fling herself beneath the oak tree. Her skirts collected damp leaves and straw. The plumed hat tossed on the breeze. The thin shoes were quickly soaked and mud-caked. Her muscles had lost their pliancy. She became nervous lest there should be robbers behind the wainscot and afraid, for the first time in her life, of ghosts in the corridors. All these things inclined her, step by step, to submit to the new discovery, whether Queen Victoria's or another's, that each man and each woman has another allotted to it for life, whom it supports, by whom it is supported, till death them do part. It would be a comfort, she felt, to lean; to sit down; yes, to lie down; never, never, never to get up again. Thus did the spirit work upon her, for all her past pride, and as she came sloping down the scale of emotion to this lowly and unaccustomed lodging-place, those twangings and tinglings which had been so captious and so interrogative modulated into the sweetest melodies, till it seemed as if angels were plucking harp-strings with white fingers and her whole being was pervaded by a seraphic harmony.

But whom could she lean upon? She asked that question of the wild autumn winds. For it was now October, and wet as usual. Not the Archduke; he had married a very great lady and had hunted hares in Roumania these many years now; nor Mr M.; he was become a Catholic; nor the Marquis of C.; he made sacks in Botany Bay; nor the Lord O.; he had long been food for fishes. One way or another, all her old cronies were gone now, and the Nells and the Kits of Drury Lane, much though she favoured them, scarcely did to lean upon.

'Whom', she asked, casting her eyes upon the revolving clouds, clasping her hands as she knelt on the window-sill, and looking the very image of appealing womanhood as she did so, 'can I lean upon?' Her words formed themselves, her hands clasped themselves, involuntarily, just as her pen had written of its own accord. It was not Orlando who spoke, but the spirit of the age. But whichever it was, nobody answered it. The rooks were tumbling pell-mell among the violet clouds of autumn. The rain had stopped at last and there was an iridescence in the sky which tempted her to put on her plumed hat and her little stringed shoes and stroll out before dinner.

'Everyone is mated except myself,' she mused, as she trailed disconsolately across the courtyard. There were the rooks; Canute and Pippin even--transitory as their alliances were, still each this evening seemed to have a partner. 'Whereas, I, who am mistress of it all,' Orlando thought, glancing as she passed at the innumerable emblazoned windows of the hall, 'am single, am mateless, am alone.'

Such thoughts had never entered her head before. Now they bore her down unescapably. Instead of thrusting the gate open, she tapped with a gloved hand for the porter to unfasten it for her. One must lean on someone, she thought, if it is only on a porter; and half wished to stay behind and help him to grill his chop on a bucket of fiery coals, but was too timid to ask it. So she strayed out into the park alone, faltering at first and apprehensive lest there might be poachers or gamekeepers or even errand-boys to marvel that a great lady should walk alone.

At every step she glanced nervously lest some male form should be hiding behind a furze bush or some savage cow be lowering its horns to toss her. But there were only the rooks flaunting in the sky. A steel-blue plume from one of them fell among the heather. She loved wild birds' feathers. She had used to collect them as a boy. She picked it up and stuck it in her hat. The air blew upon her spirit somewhat and revived it. As the rooks went whirling and wheeling above her head and feather after feather fell gleaming through the purplish air, she followed them, her long cloak floating behind her, over the moor, up the hill. She had not walked so far for years. Six feathers had she picked from the grass and drawn between her fingers and pressed to her lips to feel their smooth, glinting plumage, when she saw, gleaming on the hill-side, a silver pool, mysterious as the lake into which Sir Bedivere flung the sword of Arthur. A single feather quivered in the air and fell into the middle of it. Then, some strange ecstasy came over her. Some wild notion she had of following the birds to the rim of the world and flinging herself on the spongy turf and there drinking forgetfulness, while the rooks' hoarse laughter sounded over her. She quickened her pace; she ran; she tripped; the tough heather roots flung her to the ground. Her ankle was broken. She could not rise. But there she lay content. The scent of the bog myrtle and the meadow-sweet was in her nostrils. The rooks' hoarse laughter was in her ears. 'I have found my mate,' she murmured. 'It is the moor. I am nature's bride,' she whispered, giving herself in rapture to the cold embraces of the grass as she lay folded in her cloak in the hollow by the pool. 'Here will I lie. (A feather fell upon her brow.) I have found a greener laurel than the bay. My forehead will be cool always. These are wild birds' feathers--the owl's, the nightjar's. I shall dream wild dreams. My hands shall wear no wedding ring,' she continued, slipping it from her finger. 'The roots shall twine about them. Ah!' she sighed, pressing her head luxuriously on its spongy pillow, 'I have sought happiness through many ages and not found it; fame and missed it; love and not known it; life--and behold, death is better. I have known many men and many women,' she continued; 'none have I understood. It is better that I should lie at peace here with only the sky above me--as the gipsy told me years ago. That was in Turkey.' And she looked straight up into the marvellous golden foam into which the clouds had churned themselves, and saw next moment a track in it, and camels passing in single file through the rocky desert among clouds of red dust; and then, when the camels had passed, there were only mountains, very high and full of clefts and with pinnacles of rock, and she fancied she heard goat bells ringing in their passes, and in their folds were fields of irises and gentian. So the sky changed and her eyes slowly lowered themselves down and down till they came to the rain-darkened earth and saw the great hump of the South Downs, flowing in one wave along the coast; and where the land parted, there was the sea, the sea with ships passing; and she fancied she heard a gun far out at sea, and thought at first, 'That's the Armada,' and then thought 'No, it's Nelson', and then remembered how those wars were over and the ships were busy merchant ships; and the sails on the winding river were those of pleasure boats. She saw, too, cattle sprinkled on the dark fields, sheep and cows, and she saw the lights coming here and there in farm-house windows, and lanterns moving among the cattle as the shepherd went his rounds and the cowman; and then the lights went out and the stars rose and tangled themselves about the sky. Indeed, she was falling asleep with the wet feathers on her face and her ear pressed to the ground when she heard, deep within, some hammer on an anvil, or was it a heart beating? Tick-tock, tick-tock, so it hammered, so it beat, the anvil, or the heart in the middle of the earth; until, as she listened, she thought it changed to the trot of a horse's hoofs; one, two, three, four, she counted; then she heard a stumble; then, as it came nearer and nearer, she could hear the crack of a twig and the suck of the wet bog in its hoofs. The horse was almost on her. She sat upright. Towering dark against the yellow-slashed sky of dawn, with the plovers rising and falling about him, she saw a man on horseback. He started. The horse stopped.

'Madam,' the man cried, leaping to the ground, 'you're hurt!'

'I'm dead, sir!' she replied.

A few minutes later, they became engaged.

The morning after, as they sat at breakfast, he told her his name. It was Marmaduke Bonthrop Shelmerdine, Esquire.

'I knew it!' she said, for there was something romantic and chivalrous, passionate, melancholy, yet determined about him which went with the wild, dark-plumed name--a name which had, in her mind, the steel-blue gleam of rooks' wings, the hoarse laughter of their caws, the snake-like twisting descent of their feathers in a silver pool, and a thousand other things which will be described presently.

'Mine is Orlando,' she said. He had guessed it. For if you see a ship in full sail coming with the sun on it proudly sweeping across the Mediterranean from the South Seas, one says at once, 'Orlando', he explained.

In fact, though their acquaintance had been so short, they had guessed, as always happens between lovers, everything of any importance about each other in two seconds at the utmost, and it now remained only to fill in such unimportant details as what they were called; where they lived; and whether they were beggars or people of substance. He had a castle in the Hebrides, but it was ruined, he told her. Gannets feasted in the banqueting hall. He had been a soldier and a sailor, and had explored the East. He was on his way now to join his brig at Falmouth, but the wind had fallen and it was only when the gale blew from the South-west that he could put out to sea. Orlando looked hastily from the breakfast-room window at the gilt leopard on the weather vane. Mercifully its tail pointed due east and was steady as a rock. 'Oh! Shel, don't leave me!' she cried. 'I'm passionately in love with you,' she said. No sooner had the words left her mouth than an awful suspicion rushed into both their minds simultaneously.

'You're a woman, Shel!' she cried.

'You're a man, Orlando!' he cried.

Never was there such a scene of protestation and demonstration as then took place since the world began. When it was over and they were seated again she asked him, what was this talk of a South-west gale? Where was he bound for?

'For the Horn,' he said briefly, and blushed. (For a man had to blush as a woman had, only at rather different things.) It was only by dint of great pressure on her side and the use of much intuition that she gathered that his life was spent in the most desperate and splendid of adventures--which is to voyage round Cape Horn in the teeth of a gale. Masts had been snapped off; sails torn to ribbons (she had to drag the admission from him). Sometimes the ship had sunk, and he had been left the only survivor on a raft with a biscuit.

'It's about all a fellow can do nowadays,' he said sheepishly, and helped himself to great spoonfuls of strawberry jam. The vision which she had thereupon of this boy (for he was little more) sucking peppermints, for which he had a passion, while the masts snapped and the stars reeled and he roared brief orders to cut this adrift, to heave that overboard, brought the tears to her eyes, tears, she noted, of a finer flavour than any she had cried before: 'I am a woman,' she thought, 'a real woman, at last.' She thanked Bonthrop from the bottom of her heart for having given her this rare and unexpected delight. Had she not been lame in the left foot, she would have sat upon his knee.

'Shel, my darling,' she began again, 'tell me...' and so they talked two hours or more, perhaps about Cape Horn, perhaps not, and really it would profit little to write down what they said, for they knew each other so well that they could say anything, which is tantamount to saying nothing, or saying such stupid, prosy things as how to cook an omelette, or where to buy the best boots in London, things which have no lustre taken from their setting, yet are positively of amazing beauty within it. For it has come about, by the wise economy of nature, that our modern spirit can almost dispense with language; the commonest expressions do, since no expressions do; hence the most ordinary conversation is often the most poetic, and the most poetic is precisely that which cannot be written down. For which reasons we leave a great blank here, which must be taken to indicate that the space is filled to repletion.

After some days more of this kind of talk,

'Orlando, my dearest,' Shel was beginning, when there was a scuffling outside, and Basket the butler entered with the information that there was a couple of Peelers downstairs with a warrant from the Queen.

'Show 'em up,' said Shelmerdine briefly, as if on his own quarter-deck, taking up, by instinct, a stand with his hands behind him in front of the fireplace. Two officers in bottlegreen uniforms with truncheons at their hips then entered the room and stood at attention. Formalities being over, they gave into Orlando's own hands, as their commission was, a legal document of some very impressive sort; judging by the blobs of sealing wax, the ribbons, the oaths, and the signatures, which were all of the highest importance.

Orlando ran her eyes through it and then, using the first finger of her right hand as pointer, read out the following facts as being most germane to the matter.

'The lawsuits are settled,' she read out...'some in my favour, as for example...others not. Turkish marriage annulled (I was ambassador in Constantinople, Shel,' she explained) 'Children pronounced illegitimate, (they said I had three sons by Pepita, a Spanish dancer). So they don't inherit, which is all to the good...Sex? Ah! what about sex? My sex', she read out with some solemnity, 'is pronounced indisputably, and beyond the shadow of a doubt (what I was telling you a moment ago, Shel?), female. The estates which are now desequestrated in perpetuity descend and are tailed and entailed upon the heirs male of my body, or in default of marriage'--but here she grew impatient with this legal verbiage, and said, 'but there won't be any default of marriage, nor of heirs either, so the rest can be taken as read.' Whereupon she appended her own signature beneath Lord Palmerston's and entered from that moment into the undisturbed possession of her titles, her house, and her estate--which was now so much shrunk, for the cost of the lawsuits had been prodigious, that, though she was infinitely noble again, she was also excessively poor.

When the result of the lawsuit was made known (and rumour flew much quicker than the telegraph which has supplanted it), the whole town was filled with rejoicings.

[Horses were put into carriages for the sole purpose of being taken out. Empty barouches and landaus were trundled up and down the High Street incessantly. Addresses were read from the Bull. Replies were made from the Stag. The town was illuminated. Gold caskets were securely sealed in glass cases. Coins were well and duly laid under stones. Hospitals were founded. Rat and Sparrow clubs were inaugurated. Turkish women by the dozen were burnt in effigy in the market-place, together with scores of peasant boys with the label 'I am a base Pretender', lolling from their mouths. The Queen's cream-coloured ponies were soon seen trotting up the avenue with a command to Orlando to dine and sleep at the Castle, that very same night. Her table, as on a previous occasion, was snowed under with invitations from the Countess if R., Lady Q., Lady Palmerston, the Marchioness of P., Mrs W.E. Gladstone and others, beseeching the pleasure of her company, reminding her of ancient alliances between their family and her own, etc.]--all of which is properly enclosed in square brackets, as above, for the good reason that a parenthesis it was without any importance in Orlando's life. She skipped it, to get on with the text. For when the bonfires were blazing in the marketplace, she was in the dark woods with Shelmerdine alone. So fine was the weather that the trees stretched their branches motionless above them, and if a leaf fell, it fell, spotted red and gold, so slowly that one could watch it for half an hour fluttering and falling till it came to rest at last, on Orlando's foot.

'Tell me, Mar,' she would say (and here it must be explained, that when she called him by the first syllable of his first name, she was in a dreamy, amorous, acquiescent mood, domestic, languid a little, as if spiced logs were burning, and it was evening, yet not time to dress, and a thought wet perhaps outside, enough to make the leaves glisten, but a nightingale might be singing even so among the azaleas, two or three dogs barking at distant farms, a cock crowing--all of which the reader should imagine in her voice)--'Tell me, Mar,' she would say, 'about Cape Horn.' Then Shelmerdine would make a little model on the ground of the Cape with twigs and dead leaves and an empty snail shell or two.

'Here's the north,' he would say. 'There's the south. The wind's coming from hereabouts. Now the brig is sailing due west; we've just lowered the top-boom mizzen: and so you see--here, where this bit of grass is, she enters the current which you'll find marked--where's my map and compasses, Bo'sun? Ah! thanks, that'll do, where the snail shell is. The current catches her on the starboard side, so we must rig the jib-boom or we shall be carried to the larboard, which is where that beech leaf is,--for you must understand my dear--' and so he would go on, and she would listen to every word; interpreting them rightly, so as to see, that is to say, without his having to tell her, the phosphorescence on the waves; the icicles clanking in the shrouds; how he went to the top of the mast in a gale; there reflected on the destiny of man; came down again; had a whisky and soda; went on shore; was trapped by a black woman; repented; reasoned it out; read Pascal; determined to write philosophy; bought a monkey; debated the true end of life; decided in favour of Cape Horn, and so on. All this and a thousand other things she understood him to say, and so when she replied, Yes, negresses are seductive, aren't they? he having told her that the supply of biscuits now gave out, he was surprised and delighted to find how well she had taken his meaning.

'Are you positive you aren't a man?' he would ask anxiously, and she would echo,

'Can it be possible you're not a woman?' and then they must put it to the proof without more ado. For each was so surprised at the quickness of the other's sympathy, and it was to each such a revelation that a woman could be as tolerant and free-spoken as a man, and a man as strange and subtle as a woman, that they had to put the matter to the proof at once.

And so they would go on talking or rather, understanding, which has become the main art of speech in an age when words are growing daily so scanty in comparison with ideas that 'the biscuits ran out' has to stand for kissing a negress in the dark when one has just read Bishop Berkeley's philosophy for the tenth time. (And from this it follows that only the most profound masters of style can tell the truth, and when one meets a simple one-syllable writer, one may conclude, without any doubt at all, that the poor man is lying.)

So they would talk; and then, when her feet were fairly covered with spotted autumn leaves, Orlando would rise and stroll away into the heart of the woods in solitude, leaving Bonthrop sitting there among the snail shells, making models of Cape Horn. 'Bonthrop,' she would say, 'I'm off,' and when she called him by his second name, 'Bonthrop', it should signify to the reader that she was in a solitary mood, felt them both as specks on a desert, was desirous only of meeting death by herself, for people die daily, die at dinner tables, or like this, out of doors in the autumn woods; and with the bonfires blazing and Lady Palmerston or Lady Derby asking her out every night to dinner, the desire for death would overcome her, and so saying 'Bonthrop', she said in effect, 'I'm dead', and pushed her way as a spirit might through the spectre-pale beech trees, and so oared herself deep into solitude as if the little flicker of noise and movement were over and she were free now to take her way--all of which the reader should hear in her voice when she said 'Bonthrop,' and should also add, the better to illumine the word, that for him too the same word signified, mystically, separation and isolation and the disembodied pacing the deck of his brig in unfathomable seas.

After some hours of death, suddenly a jay shrieked 'Shelmerdine', and stooping, she picked up one of those autumn crocuses which to some people signify that very word, and put it with the jay's feather that came tumbling blue through the beech woods, in her breast. Then she called 'Shelmerdine' and the word went shooting this way and that way through the woods and struck him where he sat, making models out of snail shells in the grass. He saw her, and heard her coming to him with the crocus and the jay's feather in her breast, and cried 'Orlando', which meant (and it must be remembered that when bright colours like blue and yellow mix themselves in our eyes, some of it rubs off on our thoughts) first the bowing and swaying of bracken as if something were breaking through; which proved to be a ship in full sail, heaving and tossing a little dreamily, rather as if she had a whole year of summer days to make her voyage in; and so the ship bears down, heaving this way, heaving that way, nobly, indolently, and rides over the crest of this wave and sinks into the hollow of that one, and so, suddenly stands over you (who are in a little cockle shell of a boat, looking up at her) with all her sails quivering, and then, behold, they drop all of a heap on deck--as Orlando dropped now into the grass beside him.

Eight or nine days had been spent thus, but on the tenth, which was the 26th of October, Orlando was lying in the bracken, while Shelmerdine recited Shelley (whose entire works he had by heart), when a leaf which had started to fall slowly enough from a treetop whipped briskly across Orlando's foot. A second leaf followed and then a third. Orlando shivered and turned pale. It was the wind. Shelmerdine--but it would be more proper now to call him Bonthrop--leapt to his feet.

'The wind!' he cried.

Together they ran through the woods, the wind plastering them with leaves as they ran, to the great court and through it and the little courts, frightened servants leaving their brooms and their saucepans to follow after till they reached the Chapel, and there a scattering of lights was lit as fast as could be, one knocking over this bench, another snuffing out that taper. Bells were rung. People were summoned. At length there was Mr Dupper catching at the ends of his white tie and asking where was the prayer book. And they thrust Queen Mary's prayer book in his hands and he searched, hastily fluttering the pages, and said, 'Marmaduke Bonthrop Shelmerdine, and Lady Orlando, kneel down'; and they knelt down, and now they were bright and now they were dark as the light and shadow came flying helter-skelter through the painted windows; and among the banging of innumerable doors and a sound like brass pots beating, the organ sounded, its growl coming loud and faint alternately, and Mr Dupper, who was grown a very old man, tried now to raise his voice above the uproar and could not be heard and then all was quiet for a moment, and one word--it might be 'the jaws of death'--rang out clear, while all the estate servants kept pressing in with rakes and whips still in their hands to listen, and some sang loud and others prayed, and now a bird was dashed against the pane, and now there was a clap of thunder, so that no one heard the word Obey spoken or saw, except as a golden flash, the ring pass from hand to hand. All was movement and confusion. And up they rose with the organ booming and the lightning playing and the rain pouring, and the Lady Orlando, with her ring on her finger, went out into the court in her thin dress and held the swinging stirrup, for the horse was bitted and bridled and the foam was still on his flank, for her husband to mount, which he did with one bound, and the horse leapt forward and Orlando, standing there, cried out Marmaduke Bonthrop Shelmerdine! and he answered her Orlando! and the words went dashing and circling like wild hawks together among the belfries and higher and higher, further and further, faster and faster they circled, till they crashed and fell in a shower of fragments to the ground; and she went in.

CHAPTER 6.

Orlando went indoors. It was completely still. It was very silent. There was the ink pot: there was the pen; there was the manuscript of her poem, broken off in the middle of a tribute to eternity. She had been about to say, when Basket and Bartholomew interrupted with the tea things, nothing changes. And then, in the space of three seconds and a half, everything had changed--she had broken her ankle, fallen in love, married Shelmerdine.

There was the wedding ring on her finger to prove it. It was true that she had put it there herself before she met Shelmerdine, but that had proved worse than useless. She now turned the ring round and round, with superstitious reverence, taking care lest it should slip past the joint of her finger.

'The wedding ring has to be put on the third finger of the left hand', she said, like a child cautiously repeating its lesson, 'for it to be of any use at all.'

She spoke thus, aloud and rather more pompously than was her wont, as if she wished someone whose good opinion she desired to overhear her. Indeed, she had in mind, now that she was at last able to collect her thoughts, the effect that her behaviour would have had upon the spirit of the age. She was extremely anxious to be informed whether the steps she had taken in the matter of getting engaged to Shelmerdine and marrying him met with its approval. She was certainly feeling more herself. Her finger had not tingled once, or nothing to count, since that night on the moor. Yet, she could not deny that she had her doubts. She was married, true; but if one's husband was always sailing round Cape Horn, was it marriage? If one liked him, was it marriage? If one liked other people, was it marriage? And finally, if one still wished, more than anything in the whole world, to write poetry, was it marriage? She had her doubts.

But she would put it to the test. She looked at the ring. She looked at the ink pot. Did she dare? No, she did not. But she must. No, she could not. What should she do then? Faint, if possible. But she had never felt better in her life.

'Hang it all!' she cried, with a touch of her old spirit. 'Here goes!'

And she plunged her pen neck deep in the ink. To her enormous surprise, there was no explosion. She drew the nib out. It was wet, but not dripping. She wrote. The words were a little long in coming, but come they did. Ah! but did they make sense? she wondered, a panic coming over her lest the pen might have been at some of its involuntary pranks again. She read,

And then I came to a field where the springing grass
Was dulled by the hanging cups of fritillaries,
Sullen and foreign-looking, the snaky flower,
Scarfed in dull purple, like Egyptian girls:--

As she wrote she felt some power (remember we are dealing with the most obscure manifestations of the human spirit) reading over her shoulder, and when she had written 'Egyptian girls', the power told her to stop. Grass, the power seemed to say, going back with a ruler such as governesses use to the beginning, is all right; the hanging cups of fritillaries--admirable; the snaky flower--a thought, strong from a lady's pen, perhaps, but Wordsworth no doubt, sanctions it; but--girls? Are girls necessary? You have a husband at the Cape, you say? Ah, well, that'll do.

And so the spirit passed on.

Orlando now performed in spirit (for all this took place in spirit) a deep obeisance to the spirit of her age, such as--to compare great things with small--a traveller, conscious that he has a bundle of cigars in the corner of his suit case, makes to the customs officer who has obligingly made a scribble of white chalk on the lid. For she was extremely doubtful whether, if the spirit had examined the contents of her mind carefully, it would not have found something highly contraband for which she would have had to pay the full fine. She had only escaped by the skin of her teeth. She had just managed, by some dexterous deference to the spirit of the age, by putting on a ring and finding a man on a moor, by loving nature and being no satirist, cynic, or psychologist--any one of which goods would have been discovered at once--to pass its examination successfully. And she heaved a deep sigh of relief, as, indeed, well she might, for the transaction between a writer and the spirit of the age is one of infinite delicacy, and upon a nice arrangement between the two the whole fortune of his works depends. Orlando had so ordered it that she was in an extremely happy position; she need neither fight her age, nor submit to it; she was of it, yet remained herself. Now, therefore, she could write, and write she did. She wrote. She wrote. She wrote.

It was now November. After November, comes December. Then January, February, March, and April. After April comes May. June, July, August follow. Next is September. Then October, and so, behold, here we are back at November again, with a whole year accomplished.

This method of writing biography, though it has its merits, is a little bare, perhaps, and the reader, if we go on with it, may complain that he could recite the calendar for himself and so save his pocket whatever sum the Hogarth Press may think proper to charge for this book. But what can the biographer do when his subject has put him in the predicament into which Orlando has now put us? Life, it has been agreed by everyone whose opinion is worth consulting, is the only fit subject for novelist or biographer; life, the same authorities have decided, has nothing whatever to do with sitting still in a chair and thinking. Thought and life are as the poles asunder. Therefore--since sitting in a chair and thinking is precisely what Orlando is doing now--there is nothing for it but to recite the calendar, tell one's beads, blow one's nose, stir the fire, look out of the window, until she has done. Orlando sat so still that you could have heard a pin drop. Would, indeed, that a pin had dropped! That would have been life of a kind. Or if a butterfly had fluttered through the window and settled on her chair, one could write about that. Or suppose she had got up and killed a wasp. Then, at once, we could out with our pens and write. For there would be blood shed, if only the blood of a wasp. Where there is blood there is life. And if killing a wasp is the merest trifle compared with killing a man, still it is a fitter subject for novelist or biographer than this mere wool-gathering; this thinking; this sitting in a chair day in, day out, with a cigarette and a sheet of paper and a pen and an ink pot. If only subjects, we might complain (for our patience is wearing thin), had more consideration for their biographers! What is more irritating than to see one's subject, on whom one has lavished so much time and trouble, slipping out of one's grasp altogether and indulging--witness her sighs and gasps, her flushing, her palings, her eyes now bright as lamps, now haggard as dawns--what is more humiliating than to see all this dumb show of emotion and excitement gone through before our eyes when we know that what causes it--thought and imagination--are of no importance whatsoever?

But Orlando was a woman--Lord Palmerston had just proved it. And when we are writing the life of a woman, we may, it is agreed, waive our demand for action, and substitute love instead. Love, the poet has said, is woman's whole existence. And if we look for a moment at Orlando writing at her table, we must admit that never was there a woman more fitted for that calling. Surely, since she is a woman, and a beautiful woman, and a woman in the prime of life, she will soon give over this pretence of writing and thinking and begin at least to think of a gamekeeper (and as long as she thinks of a man, nobody objects to a woman thinking). And then she will write him a little note (and as long as she writes little notes nobody objects to a woman writing either) and make an assignation for Sunday dusk and Sunday dusk will come; and the gamekeeper will whistle under the window--all of which is, of course, the very stuff of life and the only possible subject for fiction. Surely Orlando must have done one of these things? Alas,--a thousand times, alas, Orlando did none of them. Must it then be admitted that Orlando was one of those monsters of iniquity who do not love? She was kind to dogs, faithful to friends, generosity itself to a dozen starving poets, had a passion for poetry. But love--as the male novelists define it--and who, after all, speak with greater authority?--has nothing whatever to do with kindness, fidelity, generosity, or poetry. Love is slipping off one's petticoat and--But we all know what love is. Did Orlando do that? Truth compels us to say no, she did not. If then, the subject of one's biography will neither love nor kill, but will only think and imagine, we may conclude that he or she is no better than a corpse and so leave her.

The only resource now left us is to look out of the window. There were sparrows; there were starlings; there were a number of doves, and one or two rooks, all occupied after their fashion. One finds a worm, another a snail. One flutters to a branch, another takes a little run on the turf. Then a servant crosses the courtyard, wearing a green baize apron. Presumably he is engaged on some intrigue with one of the maids in the pantry, but as no visible proof is offered us, in the courtyard, we can but hope for the best and leave it. Clouds pass, thin or thick, with some disturbance of the colour of the grass beneath. The sun-dial registers the hour in its usual cryptic way. One's mind begins tossing up a question or two, idly, vainly, about this same life. Life, it sings, or croons rather, like a kettle on a hob. Life, life, what art thou? Light or darkness, the baize apron of the under-footman or the shadow of the starling on the grass?

Let us go, then, exploring, this summer morning, when all are adoring the plum blossom and the bee. And humming and hawing, let us ask of the starling (who is a more sociable bird than the lark) what he may think on the brink of the dustbin, whence he picks among the sticks combings of scullion's hair. What's life, we ask, leaning on the farmyard gate; Life, Life, Life! cries the bird, as if he had heard, and knew precisely, what we meant by this bothering prying habit of ours of asking questions indoors and out and peeping and picking at daisies as the way is of writers when they don't know what to say next. Then they come here, says the bird, and ask me what life is; Life, Life, Life!

We trudge on then by the moor path, to the high brow of the wine-blue purple-dark hill, and fling ourselves down there, and dream there and see there a grasshopper, carting back to his home in the hollow, a straw. And he says (if sawings like his can be given a name so sacred and tender) Life's labour, or so we interpret the whirr of his dust-choked gullet. And the ant agrees and the bees, but if we lie here long enough to ask the moths, when they come at evening, stealing among the paler heather bells, they will breathe in our ears such wild nonsense as one hears from telegraph wires in snow storms; tee hee, haw haw. Laughter, Laughter! the moths say.

Having asked then of man and of bird and the insects, for fish, men tell us, who have lived in green caves, solitary for years to hear them speak, never, never say, and so perhaps know what life is--having asked them all and grown no wiser, but only older and colder (for did we not pray once in a way to wrap up in a book something so hard, so rare, one could swear it was life's meaning?) back we must go and say straight out to the reader who waits a-tiptoe to hear what life is--alas, we don't know.

At this moment, but only just in time to save the book from extinction, Orlando pushed away her chair, stretched her arms, dropped her pen, came to the window, and exclaimed, 'Done!'

She was almost felled to the ground by the extraordinary sight which now met her eyes. There was the garden and some birds. The world was going on as usual. All the time she was writing the world had continued.

'And if I were dead, it would be just the same!' she exclaimed.

Such was the intensity of her feelings that she could even imagine that she had suffered dissolution, and perhaps some faintness actually attacked her. For a moment she stood looking at the fair, indifferent spectacle with staring eyes. At length she was revived in a singular way. The manuscript which reposed above her heart began shuffling and beating as if it were a living thing, and, what was still odder, and showed how fine a sympathy was between them, Orlando, by inclining her head, could make out what it was that it was saying. It wanted to be read. It must be read. It would die in her bosom if it were not read. For the first time in her life she turned with violence against nature. Elk-hounds and rose bushes were about her in profusion. But elk-hounds and rose bushes can none of them read. It is a lamentable oversight on the part of Providence which had never struck her before. Human beings alone are thus gifted. Human beings had become necessary. She rang the bell. She ordered the carriage to take her to London at once.

'There's just time to catch the eleven forty five, M'Lady,' said Basket. Orlando had not yet realized the invention of the steam engine, but such was her absorption in the sufferings of a being, who, though not herself, yet entirely depended on her, that she saw a railway train for the first time, took her seat in a railway carriage, and had the rug arranged about her knees without giving a thought to 'that stupendous invention, which had (the historians say) completely changed the face of Europe in the past twenty years' (as, indeed, happens much more frequently than historians suppose). She noticed only that it was extremely smutty; rattled horribly; and the windows stuck. Lost in thought, she was whirled up to London in something less than an hour and stood on the platform at Charing Cross, not knowing where to go.

The old house at Blackfriars, where she had spent so many pleasant days in the eighteenth century, was now sold, part to the Salvation Army, part to an umbrella factory. She had bought another in Mayfair which was sanitary, convenient, and in the heart of the fashionable world, but was it in Mayfair that her poem would be relieved of its desire? Pray God, she thought, remembering the brightness of their ladyships' eyes and the symmetry of their lordship's legs, they haven't taken to reading there. For that would be a thousand pities. Then there was Lady R.'s. The same sort of talk would be going on there still, she had no doubt. The gout might have shifted from the General's left leg to his right, perhaps. Mr L. might have stayed ten days with R. instead of T. Then Mr Pope would come in. Oh! but Mr Pope was dead. Who were the wits now, she wondered--but that was not a question one could put to a porter, and so she moved on. Her ears were now distracted by the jingling of innumerable bells on the heads of innumerable horses. Fleets of the strangest little boxes on wheels were drawn up by the pavement. She walked out into the Strand. There the uproar was even worse. Vehicles of all sizes, drawn by blood horses and by dray horses, conveying one solitary dowager or crowded to the top by whiskered men in silk hats, were inextricably mixed. Carriages, carts, and omnibuses seemed to her eyes, so long used to the look of a plain sheet of foolscap, alarmingly at loggerheads; and to her ears, attuned to a pen scratching, the uproar of the street sounded violently and hideously cacophonous. Every inch of the pavement was crowded. Streams of people, threading in and out between their own bodies and the lurching and lumbering traffic with incredible agility, poured incessantly east and west. Along the edge of the pavement stood men, holding out trays of toys, and bawled. At corners, women sat beside great baskets of spring flowers and bawled. Boys running in and out of the horses' noses, holding printed sheets to their bodies, bawled too, Disaster! Disaster! At first Orlando supposed that she had arrived at some moment of national crisis; but whether it was happy or tragic, she could not tell. She looked anxiously at people's faces. But that confused her still more. Here would come by a man sunk in despair, muttering to himself as if he knew some terrible sorrow. Past him would nudge a fat, jolly-faced fellow, shouldering his way along as if it were a festival for all the world. Indeed, she came to the conclusion that there was neither rhyme nor reason in any of it. Each man and each woman was bent on his own affairs. And where was she to go?

She walked on without thinking, up one street and down another, by vast windows piled with handbags, and mirrors, and dressing gowns, and flowers, and fishing rods, and luncheon baskets; while stuff of every hue and pattern, thickness or thinness, was looped and festooned and ballooned across and across. Sometimes she passed down avenues of sedate mansions, soberly numbered 'one', 'two', 'three', and so on right up to two or three hundred, each the copy of the other, with two pillars and six steps and a pair of curtains neatly drawn and family luncheons laid on tables, and a parrot looking out of one window and a man servant out of another, until her mind was dizzied with the monotony. Then she came to great open squares with black shiny, tightly buttoned statues of fat men in the middle, and war horses prancing, and columns rising and fountains falling and pigeons fluttering. So she walked and walked along pavements between houses until she felt very hungry, and something fluttering above her heart rebuked her with having forgotten all about it. It was her manuscript. 'The Oak Tree'.

She was confounded at her own neglect. She stopped dead where she stood. No coach was in sight. The street, which was wide and handsome, was singularly empty. Only one elderly gentleman was approaching. There was something vaguely familiar to her in his walk. As he came nearer, she felt certain that she had met him at some time or other. But where? Could it be that this gentleman, so neat, so portly, so prosperous, with a cane in his hand and a flower in his button-hole, with a pink, plump face, and combed white moustaches, could it be, Yes, by jove, it was!--her old, her very old friend, Nick Greene!

At the same time he looked at her; remembered her; recognized her. 'The Lady Orlando!' he cried, sweeping his silk hat almost in the dust.

'Sir Nicholas!' she exclaimed. For she was made aware intuitively by something in his bearing that the scurrilous penny-a-liner, who had lampooned her and many another in the time of Queen Elizabeth, was now risen in the world and become certainly a Knight and doubtless a dozen other fine things into the bargain.

With another bow, he acknowledged that her conclusion was correct; he was a Knight; he was a Litt.D.; he was a Professor. He was the author of a score of volumes. He was, in short, the most influential critic of the Victorian age.

A violent tumult of emotion besieged her at meeting the man who had caused her, years ago, so much pain. Could this be the plaguy, restless fellow who had burnt holes in her carpets, and toasted cheese in the Italian fireplace and told such merry stories of Marlowe and the rest that they had seen the sun rise nine nights out of ten? He was now sprucely dressed in a grey morning suit, had a pink flower in his button-hole, and grey suede gloves to match. But even as she marvelled, he made another bow, and asked her whether she would honour him by lunching with him? The bow was a thought overdone perhaps, but the imitation of fine breeding was creditable. She followed him, wondering, into a superb restaurant, all red plush, white table-cloths, and silver cruets, as unlike as could be the old tavern or coffee house with its sanded floor, its wooden benches, its bowls of punch and chocolate, and its broadsheets and spittoons. He laid his gloves neatly on the table beside him. Still she could hardly believe that he was the same man. His nails were clean; where they used to be an inch long. His chin was shaved; where a black beard used to sprout. He wore gold sleeve-links; where his ragged linen used to dip in the broth. It was not, indeed, until he had ordered the wine, which he did with a care that reminded her of his taste in Malmsey long ago, that she was convinced he was the same man. 'Ah!' he said, heaving a little sigh, which was yet comfortable enough, 'ah! my dear lady, the great days of literature are over. Marlowe, Shakespeare, Ben Jonson--those were the giants. Dryden, Pope, Addison--those were the heroes. All, all are dead now. And whom have they left us? Tennyson, Browning, Carlyle!'--he threw an immense amount of scorn into his voice. 'The truth of it is,' he said, pouring himself a glass of wine, 'that all our young writers are in the pay of the booksellers. They turn out any trash that serves to pay their tailor's bills. It is an age', he said, helping himself to hors-d'oeuvres, 'marked by precious conceits and wild experiments--none of which the Elizabethans would have tolerated for an instant.'

'No, my dear lady,' he continued, passing with approval the turbot au gratin, which the waiter exhibited for his sanction, 'the great days are over. We live in degenerate times. We must cherish the past; honour those writers--there are still a few left of 'em--who take antiquity for their model and write, not for pay but--' Here Orlando almost shouted 'Glawr!' Indeed she could have sworn that she had heard him say the very same things three hundred years ago. The names were different, of course, but the spirit was the same. Nick Greene had not changed, for all his knighthood. And yet, some change there was. For while he ran on about taking Addison as one's model (it had been Cicero once, she thought) and lying in bed of a morning (which she was proud to think her pension paid quarterly enabled him to do) rolling the best works of the best authors round and round on one's tongue for an hour, at least, before setting pen to paper, so that the vulgarity of the present time and the deplorable condition of our native tongue (he had lived long in America, she believed) might be purified--while he ran on in much the same way that Greene had run on three hundred years ago, she had time to ask herself, how was it then that he had changed? He had grown plump; but he was a man verging on seventy. He had grown sleek: literature had been a prosperous pursuit evidently; but somehow the old restless, uneasy vivacity had gone. His stories, brilliant as they were, were no longer quite so free and easy. He mentioned, it is true, 'my dear friend Pope' or 'my illustrious friend Addison' every other second, but he had an air of respectability about him which was depressing, and he preferred, it seemed, to enlighten her about the doings and sayings of her own blood relations rather than tell her, as he used to do, scandal about the poets.

Orlando was unaccountably disappointed. She had thought of literature all these years (her seclusion, her rank, her sex must be her excuse) as something wild as the wind, hot as fire, swift as lightning; something errant, incalculable, abrupt, and behold, literature was an elderly gentleman in a grey suit talking about duchesses. The violence of her disillusionment was such that some hook or button fastening the upper part of her dress burst open, and out upon the table fell 'The Oak Tree', a poem.

'A manuscript!' said Sir Nicholas, putting on his gold pince-nez. 'How interesting, how excessively interesting! Permit me to look at it.' And once more, after an interval of some three hundred years, Nicholas Greene took Orlando's poem and, laying it down among the coffee cups and the liqueur glasses, began to read it. But now his verdict was very different from what it had been then. It reminded him, he said as he turned over the pages, of Addison's "Cato". It compared favourably with Thomson's "Seasons". There was no trace in it, he was thankful to say, of the modern spirit. It was composed with a regard to truth, to nature, to the dictates of the human heart, which was rare indeed, in these days of unscrupulous eccentricity. It must, of course, be published instantly.

Really Orlando did not know what he meant. She had always carried her manuscripts about with her in the bosom of her dress. The idea tickled Sir Nicholas considerably.

'But what about royalties?' he asked.

Orlando's mind flew to Buckingham Palace and some dusky potentates who happened to be staying there.

Sir Nicholas was highly diverted. He explained that he was alluding to the fact that Messrs -- (here he mentioned a well-known firm of publishers) would be delighted, if he wrote them a line, to put the book on their list. He could probably arrange for a royalty of ten per cent on all copies up to two thousand; after that it would be fifteen. As for the reviewers, he would himself write a line to Mr --, who was the most influential; then a compliment--say a little puff of her own poems--addressed to the wife of the editor of the -- never did any harm. He would call --. So he ran on. Orlando understood nothing of all this, and from old experience did not altogether trust his good nature, but there was nothing for it but to submit to what was evidently his wish and the fervent desire of the poem itself. So Sir Nicholas made the blood-stained packet into a neat parcel; flattened it into his breast pocket, lest it should disturb the set of his coat; and with many compliments on both sides, they parted.

Orlando walked up the street. Now that the poem was gone,--and she felt a bare place in her breast where she had been used to carry it--she had nothing to do but reflect upon whatever she liked--the extraordinary chances it might be of the human lot. Here she was in St James's Street; a married woman; with a ring on her finger; where there had been a coffee house once there was now a restaurant; it was about half past three in the afternoon; the sun was shining; there were three pigeons; a mongrel terrier dog; two hansom cabs and a barouche landau. What then, was Life? The thought popped into her head violently, irrelevantly (unless old Greene were somehow the cause of it). And it may be taken as a comment, adverse or favourable, as the reader chooses to consider it upon her relations with her husband (who was at the Horn), that whenever anything popped violently into her head, she went straight to the nearest telegraph office and wired to him. There was one, as it happened, close at hand. 'My God Shel', she wired; 'life literature Greene toady--' here she dropped into a cypher language which they had invented between them so that a whole spiritual state of the utmost complexity might be conveyed in a word or two without the telegraph clerk being any wiser, and added the words 'Rattigan Glumphoboo', which summed it up precisely. For not only had the events of the morning made a deep impression on her, but it cannot have escaped the reader's attention that Orlando was growing up--which is not necessarily growing better--and 'Rattigan Glumphoboo' described a very complicated spiritual state--which if the reader puts all his intelligence at our service he may discover for himself.

There could be no answer to her telegram for some hours; indeed, it was probable, she thought, glancing at the sky, where the upper clouds raced swiftly past, that there was a gale at Cape Horn, so that her husband would be at the mast-head, as likely as not, or cutting away some tattered spar, or even alone in a boat with a biscuit. And so, leaving the post office, she turned to beguile herself into the next shop, which was a shop so common in our day that it needs no description, yet, to her eyes, strange in the extreme; a shop where they sold books. All her life long Orlando had known manuscripts; she had held in her hands the rough brown sheets on which Spenser had written in his little crabbed hand; she had seen Shakespeare's script and Milton's. She owned, indeed, a fair number of quartos and folios, often with a sonnet in her praise in them and sometimes a lock of hair. But these innumerable little volumes, bright, identical, ephemeral, for they seemed bound in cardboard and printed on tissue paper, surprised her infinitely. The whole works of Shakespeare cost half a crown, and could be put in your pocket. One could hardly read them, indeed, the print was so small, but it was a marvel, none the less. 'Works'--the works of every writer she had known or heard of and many more stretched from end to end of the long shelves. On tables and chairs, more 'works' were piled and tumbled, and these she saw, turning a page or two, were often works about other works by Sir Nicholas and a score of others whom, in her ignorance, she supposed, since they were bound and printed, to be very great writers too. So she gave an astounding order to the bookseller to send her everything of any importance in the shop and left.

She turned into Hyde Park, which she had known of old (beneath that cleft tree, she remembered, the Duke of Hamilton fell run through the body by Lord Mohun), and her lips, which are often to blame in the matter, began framing the words of her telegram into a senseless singsong; life literature Greene toady Rattigan Glumphoboo; so that several park keepers looked at her with suspicion and were only brought to a favourable opinion of her sanity by noticing the pearl necklace which she wore. She had carried off a sheaf of papers and critical journals from the book shop, and at length, flinging herself on her elbow beneath a tree, she spread these pages round her and did her best to fathom the noble art of prose composition as these masters practised it. For still the old credulity was alive in her; even the blurred type of a weekly newspaper had some sanctity in her eyes. So she read, lying on her elbow, an article by Sir Nicholas on the collected works of a man she had once known--John Donne. But she had pitched herself, without knowing it, not far from the Serpentine. The barking of a thousand dogs sounded in her ears. Carriage wheels rushed ceaselessly in a circle. Leaves sighed overhead. Now and again a braided skirt and a pair of tight scarlet trousers crossed the grass within a few steps of her. Once a gigantic rubber ball bounced on the newspaper. Violets, oranges, reds, and blues broke through the interstices of the leaves and sparkled in the emerald on her finger. She read a sentence and looked up at the sky; she looked up at the sky and looked down at the newspaper. Life? Literature? One to be made into the other? But how monstrously difficult! For--here came by a pair of tight scarlet trousers--how would Addison have put that? Here came two dogs dancing on their hind legs. How would Lamb have described that? For reading Sir Nicholas and his friends (as she did in the intervals of looking about her), she somehow got the impression--here she rose and walked--they made one feel--it was an extremely uncomfortable feeling--one must never, never say what one thought. (She stood on the banks of the Serpentine. It was a bronze colour; spider-thin boats were skimming from side to side.) They made one feel, she continued, that one must always, always write like somebody else. (The tears formed themselves in her eyes.) For really, she thought, pushing a little boat off with her toe, I don't think I could (here the whole of Sir Nicholas' article came before her as articles do, ten minutes after they are read, with the look of his room, his head, his cat, his writing-table, and the time of the day thrown in), I don't think I could, she continued, considering the article from this point of view, sit in a study, no, it's not a study, it's a mouldy kind of drawing-room, all day long, and talk to pretty young men, and tell them little anecdotes, which they mustn't repeat, about what Tupper said about Smiles; and then, she continued, weeping bitterly, they're all so manly; and then, I do detest Duchesses; and I don't like cake; and though I'm spiteful enough, I could never learn to be as spiteful as all that, so how can I be a critic and write the best English prose of my time? Damn it all! she exclaimed, launching a penny steamer so vigorously that the poor little boat almost sank in the bronze-coloured waves.

Now, the truth is that when one has been in a state of mind (as nurses call it)--and the tears still stood in Orlando's eyes--the thing one is looking at becomes, not itself, but another thing, which is bigger and much more important and yet remains the same thing. If one looks at the Serpentine in this state of mind, the waves soon become just as big as the waves on the Atlantic; the toy boats become indistinguishable from ocean liners. So Orlando mistook the toy boat for her husband's brig; and the wave she had made with her toe for a mountain of water off Cape Horn; and as she watched the toy boat climb the ripple, she thought she saw Bonthrop's ship climb up and up a glassy wall; up and up it went, and a white crest with a thousand deaths in it arched over it; and through the thousand deaths it went and disappeared--'It's sunk!' she cried out in an agony--and then, behold, there it was again sailing along safe and sound among the ducks on the other side of the Atlantic.

'Ecstasy!' she cried. 'Ecstasy! Where's the post office?' she wondered. 'For I must wire at once to Shel and tell him...' And repeating 'A toy boat on the Serpentine', and 'Ecstasy', alternately, for the thoughts were interchangeable and meant exactly the same thing, she hurried towards Park Lane.

'A toy boat, a toy boat, a toy boat,' she repeated, thus enforcing upon herself the fact that it is not articles by Nick Greene on John Donne nor eight-hour bills nor covenants nor factory acts that matter; it's something useless, sudden, violent; something that costs a life; red, blue, purple; a spirit; a splash; like those hyacinths (she was passing a fine bed of them); free from taint, dependence, soilure of humanity or care for one's kind; something rash, ridiculous, like my hyacinth, husband I mean, Bonthrop: that's what it is--a toy boat on the Serpentine, ecstasy--it's ecstasy that matters. Thus she spoke aloud, waiting for the carriages to pass at Stanhope Gate, for the consequence of not living with one's husband, except when the wind is sunk, is that one talks nonsense aloud in Park Lane. It would no doubt have been different had she lived all the year round with him as Queen Victoria recommended. As it was the thought of him would come upon her in a flash. She found it absolutely necessary to speak to him instantly. She did not care in the least what nonsense it might make, or what dislocation it might inflict on the narrative. Nick Greene's article had plunged her in the depths of despair; the toy boat had raised her to the heights of joy. So she repeated: 'Ecstasy, ecstasy', as she stood waiting to cross.

But the traffic was heavy that spring afternoon, and kept her standing there, repeating, ecstasy, ecstasy, or a toy boat on the Serpentine, while the wealth and power of England sat, as if sculptured, in hat and cloak, in four-in-hand, victoria and barouche landau. It was as if a golden river had coagulated and massed itself in golden blocks across Park Lane. The ladies held card-cases between their fingers; the gentlemen balanced gold-mounted canes between their knees. She stood there gazing, admiring, awe-struck. One thought only disturbed her, a thought familiar to all who behold great elephants, or whales of an incredible magnitude, and that is: how do these leviathans to whom obviously stress, change, and activity are repugnant, propagate their kind? Perhaps, Orlando thought, looking at the stately, still faces, their time of propagation is over; this is the fruit; this is the consummation. What she now beheld was the triumph of an age. Portly and splendid there they sat. But now, the policeman let fall his hand; the stream became liquid; the massive conglomeration of splendid objects moved, dispersed, and disappeared into Piccadilly.

So she crossed Park Lane and went to her house in Curzon Street, where, when the meadow-sweet blew there, she could remember curlew calling and one very old man with a gun.

She could remember, she thought, stepping across the threshold of her house, how Lord Chesterfield had said--but her memory was checked. Her discreet eighteenth-century hall, where she could see Lord Chesterfield putting his hat down here and his coat down there with an elegance of deportment which it was a pleasure to watch, was now completely littered with parcels. While she had been sitting in Hyde Park the bookseller had delivered her order, and the house was crammed--there were parcels slipping down the staircase--with the whole of Victorian literature done up in grey paper and neatly tied with string. She carried as many of these packets as she could to her room, ordered footmen to bring the others, and, rapidly cutting innumerable strings, was soon surrounded by innumerable volumes.

Accustomed to the little literatures of the sixteenth, seventeenth, and eighteenth centuries, Orlando was appalled by the consequences of her order. For, of course, to the Victorians themselves Victorian literature meant not merely four great names separate and distinct but four great names sunk and embedded in a mass of Alexander Smiths, Dixons, Blacks, Milmans, Buckles, Taines, Paynes, Tuppers, Jamesons--all vocal, clamorous, prominent, and requiring as much attention as anybody else. Orlando's reverence for print had a tough job set before it but drawing her chair to the window to get the benefit of what light might filter between the high houses of Mayfair, she tried to come to a conclusion.

And now it was clear that there are only two ways of coming to a conclusion upon Victorian literature--one is to write it out in sixty volumes octavo, the other is to squeeze it into six lines of the length of this one. Of the two courses, economy, since time runs short, leads us to choose the second; and so we proceed. Orlando then came to the conclusion (opening half-a-dozen books) that it was very odd that there was not a single dedication to a nobleman among them; next (turning over a vast pile of memoirs) that several of these writers had family trees half as high as her own; next, that it would be impolitic in the extreme to wrap a ten-pound note round the sugar tongs when Miss Christina Rossetti came to tea; next (here were half-a-dozen invitations to celebrate centenaries by dining) that literature since it ate all these dinners must be growing very corpulent; next (she was invited to a score of lectures on the Influence of this upon that; the Classical revival; the Romantic survival, and other titles of the same engaging kind) that literature since it listened to all these lectures must be growing very dry; next (here she attended a reception given by a peeress) that literature since it wore all those fur tippets must be growing very respectable; next (here she visited Carlyle's sound-proof room at Chelsea) that genius since it needed all this coddling must be growing very delicate; and so at last she reached her final conclusion, which was of the highest importance but which, as we have already much overpassed our limit of six lines, we must omit.

Orlando, having come to this conclusion, stood looking out of the window for a considerable space of time. For, when anybody comes to a conclusion it is as if they had tossed the ball over the net and must wait for the unseen antagonist to return it to them. What would be sent her next from the colourless sky above Chesterfield House, she wondered? And with her hands clasped, she stood for a considerable space of time wondering. Suddenly she started--and here we could only wish that, as on a former occasion, Purity, Chastity, and Modesty would push the door ajar and provide, at least, a breathing space in which we could think how to wrap up what now has to be told delicately, as a biographer should. But no! Having thrown their white garment at the naked Orlando and seen it fall short by several inches, these ladies had given up all intercourse with her these many years; and were now otherwise engaged. Is nothing then, going to happen this pale March morning to mitigate, to veil, to cover, to conceal, to shroud this undeniable event whatever it may be? For after giving that sudden, violent start, Orlando--but Heaven be praised, at this very moment there struck up outside one of these frail, reedy, fluty, jerky, old-fashioned barrel-organs which are still sometimes played by Italian organ-grinders in back streets. Let us accept the intervention, humble though it is, as if it were the music of the spheres, and allow it, with all its gasps and groans, to fill this page with sound until the moment comes when it is impossible to deny its coming; which the footman has seen coming and the maid-servant; and the reader will have to see too; for Orlando herself is clearly unable to ignore it any longer--let the barrel-organ sound and transport us on thought, which is no more than a little boat, when music sounds, tossing on the waves; on thought, which is, of all carriers, the most clumsy, the most erratic, over the roof tops and the back gardens where washing is hanging to--what is this place? Do you recognize the Green and in the middle the steeple, and the gate with a lion couchant on either side? Oh yes, it is Kew! Well, Kew will do. So here we are at Kew, and I will show you to-day (the second of March) under the plum tree, a grape hyacinth, and a crocus, and a bud, too, on the almond tree; so that to walk there is to be thinking of bulbs, hairy and red, thrust into the earth in October; flowering now; and to be dreaming of more than can rightly be said, and to be taking from its case a cigarette or cigar even, and to be flinging a cloak under (as the rhyme requires) an oak, and there to sit, waiting the kingfisher, which, it is said, was seen once to cross in the evening from bank to bank.

Wait! Wait! The kingfisher comes; the kingfisher comes not.

Behold, meanwhile, the factory chimneys and their smoke; behold the city clerks flashing by in their outrigger. Behold the old lady taking her dog for a walk and the servant girl wearing her new hat for the first time not at the right angle. Behold them all. Though Heaven has mercifully decreed that the secrets of all hearts are hidden so that we are lured on for ever to suspect something, perhaps, that does not exist; still through our cigarette smoke, we see blaze up and salute the splendid fulfilment of natural desires for a hat, for a boat, for a rat in a ditch; as once one saw blazing--such silly hops and skips the mind takes when it slops like this all over the saucer and the barrel-organ plays--saw blazing a fire in a field against minarets near Constantinople.

Hail! natural desire! Hail! happiness! divine happiness! and pleasure of all sorts, flowers and wine, though one fades and the other intoxicates; and half-crown tickets out of London on Sundays, and singing in a dark chapel hymns about death, and anything, anything that interrupts and confounds the tapping of typewriters and filing of letters and forging of links and chains, binding the Empire together. Hail even the crude, red bows on shop girls' lips (as if Cupid, very clumsily, dipped his thumb in red ink and scrawled a token in passing). Hail, happiness! kingfisher flashing from bank to bank, and all fulfilment of natural desire, whether it is what the male novelist says it is; or prayer; or denial; hail! in whatever form it comes, and may there be more forms, and stranger. For dark flows the stream--would it were true, as the rhyme hints 'like a dream'--but duller and worser than that is our usual lot; without dreams, but alive, smug, fluent, habitual, under trees whose shade of an olive green drowns the blue of the wing of the vanishing bird when he darts of a sudden from bank to bank.

Hail, happiness, then, and after happiness, hail not those dreams which bloat the sharp image as spotted mirrors do the face in a country-inn parlour; dreams which splinter the whole and tear us asunder and wound us and split us apart in the night when we would sleep; but sleep, sleep, so deep that all shapes are ground to dust of infinite softness, water of dimness inscrutable, and there, folded, shrouded, like a mummy, like a moth, prone let us lie on the sand at the bottom of sleep.

But wait! but wait! we are not going, this time, visiting the blind land. Blue, like a match struck right in the ball of the innermost eye, he flies, burns, bursts the seal of sleep; the kingfisher; so that now floods back refluent like a tide, the red, thick stream of life again; bubbling, dripping; and we rise, and our eyes (for how handy a rhyme is to pass us safe over the awkward transition from death to life) fall on--(here the barrel-organ stops playing abruptly).

'It's a very fine boy, M'Lady,' said Mrs Banting, the midwife, putting her first-born child into Orlando's arms. In other words Orlando was safely delivered of a son on Thursday, March the 20th, at three o'clock in the morning.

Once more Orlando stood at the window, but let the reader take courage; nothing of the same sort is going to happen to-day, which is not, by any means, the same day. No--for if we look out of the window, as Orlando was doing at the moment, we shall see that Park Lane itself has considerably changed. Indeed one might stand there ten minutes or more, as Orlando stood now, without seeing a single barouche landau. 'Look at that!' she exclaimed, some days later when an absurd truncated carriage without any horses began to glide about of its own accord. A carriage without any horses indeed! She was called away just as she said that, but came back again after a time and had another look out of the window. It was odd sort of weather nowadays. The sky itself, she could not help thinking, had changed. It was no longer so thick, so watery, so prismatic now that King Edward--see, there he was, stepping out of his neat brougham to go and visit a certain lady opposite--had succeeded Queen Victoria. The clouds had shrunk to a thin gauze; the sky seemed made of metal, which in hot weather tarnished verdigris, copper colour or orange as metal does in a fog. It was a little alarming--this shrinkage. Everything seemed to have shrunk. Driving past Buckingham Palace last night, there was not a trace of that vast erection which she had thought everlasting; top hats, widows' weeds, trumpets, telescopes, wreaths, all had vanished and left not a stain, not a puddle even, on the pavement. But it was now--after another interval she had come back again to her favourite station in the window--now, in the evening, that the change was most remarkable. Look at the lights in the houses! At a touch, a whole room was lit; hundreds of rooms were lit; and one was precisely the same as the other. One could see everything in the little square-shaped boxes; there was no privacy; none of those lingering shadows and odd corners that there used to be; none of those women in aprons carrying wobbly lamps which they put down carefully on this table and on that. At a touch, the whole room was bright. And the sky was bright all night long; and the pavements were bright; everything was bright. She came back again at mid-day. How narrow women have grown lately! They looked like stalks of corn, straight, shining, identical. And men's faces were as bare as the palm of one's hand. The dryness of the atmosphere brought out the colour in everything and seemed to stiffen the muscles of the cheeks. It was harder to cry now. Water was hot in two seconds. Ivy had perished or been scraped off houses. Vegetables were less fertile; families were much smaller. Curtains and covers had been frizzled up and the walls were bare so that new brilliantly coloured pictures of real things like streets, umbrellas, apples, were hung in frames, or painted upon the wood. There was something definite and distinct about the age, which reminded her of the eighteenth century, except that there was a distraction, a desperation--as she was thinking this, the immensely long tunnel in which she seemed to have been travelling for hundreds of years widened; the light poured in; her thoughts became mysteriously tightened and strung up as if a piano tuner had put his key in her back and stretched the nerves very taut; at the same time her hearing quickened; she could hear every whisper and crackle in the room so that the clock ticking on the mantelpiece beat like a hammer. And so for some seconds the light went on becoming brighter and brighter, and she saw everything more and more clearly and the clock ticked louder and louder until there was a terrific explosion right in her ear. Orlando leapt as if she had been violently struck on the head. Ten times she was struck. In fact it was ten o'clock in the morning. It was the eleventh of October. It was 1928. It was the present moment.

No one need wonder that Orlando started, pressed her hand to her heart, and turned pale. For what more terrifying revelation can there be than that it is the present moment? That we survive the shock at all is only possible because the past shelters us on one side and the future on another. But we have no time now for reflections; Orlando was terribly late already. She ran downstairs, she jumped into her motorcar, she pressed the self-starter and was off. Vast blue blocks of building rose into the air; the red cowls of chimneys were spotted irregularly across the sky; the road shone like silver-headed nails; omnibuses bore down upon her with sculptured white-faced drivers; she noticed sponges, bird-cages, boxes of green American cloth. But she did not allow these sights to sink into her mind even the fraction of an inch as she crossed the narrow plank of the present, lest she should fall into the raging torrent beneath. 'Why don't you look where you're going to?...Put your hand out, can't you?'--that was all she said sharply, as if the words were jerked out of her. For the streets were immensely crowded; people crossed without looking where they were going. People buzzed and hummed round the plate-glass windows within which one could see a glow of red, a blaze of yellow, as if they were bees, Orlando thought--but her thought that they were bees was violently snipped off and she saw, regaining perspective with one flick of her eye, that they were bodies. 'Why don't you look where you're going?' she snapped out.

At last, however, she drew up at Marshall & Snelgrove's and went into the shop. Shade and scent enveloped her. The present fell from her like drops of scalding water. Light swayed up and down like thin stuffs puffed out by a summer breeze. She took a list from her bag and began reading in a curious stiff voice at first, as if she were holding the words--boy's boots, bath salts, sardines--under a tap of many-coloured water. She watched them change as the light fell on them. Bath and boots became blunt, obtuse; sardines serrated itself like a saw. So she stood in the ground-floor department of Messrs Marshall & Snelgrove; looked this way and that; snuffed this smell and that and thus wasted some seconds. Then she got into the lift, for the good reason that the door stood open; and was shot smoothly upwards. The very fabric of life now, she thought as she rose, is magic. In the eighteenth century we knew how everything was done; but here I rise through the air; I listen to voices in America; I see men flying--but how its done I can't even begin to wonder. So my belief in magic returns. Now the lift gave a little jerk as it stopped at the first floor; and she had a vision of innumerable coloured stuffs flaunting in a breeze from which came distinct, strange smells; and each time the lift stopped and flung its doors open, there was another slice of the world displayed with all the smells of that world clinging to it. She was reminded of the river off Wapping in the time of Elizabeth, where the treasure ships and the merchant ships used to anchor. How richly and curiously they had smelt! How well she remembered the feel of rough rubies running through her fingers when she dabbled them in a treasure sack! And then lying with Sukey--or whatever her name was--and having Cumberland's lantern flashed on them! The Cumberlands had a house in Portland Place now and she had lunched with them the other day and ventured a little joke with the old man about almshouses in the Sheen Road. He had winked. But here as the lift could go no higher, she must get out--Heaven knows into what 'department' as they called it. She stood still to consult her shopping list, but was blessed if she could see, as the list bade her, bath salts, or boy's boots anywhere about. And indeed, she was about to descend again, without buying anything, but was saved from that outrage by saying aloud automatically the last item on her list; which happened to be 'sheets for a double bed'.

'Sheets for a double bed,' she said to a man at a counter and, by a dispensation of Providence, it was sheets that the man at that particular counter happened to sell. For Grimsditch, no, Grimsditch was dead; Bartholomew, no, Bartholomew was dead; Louise then--Louise had come to her in a great taking the other day, for she had found a hole in the bottom of the sheet in the royal bed. Many kings and queens had slept there--Elizabeth; James; Charles; George; Victoria; Edward; no wonder the sheet had a hole in it. But Louise was positive she knew who had done it. It was the Prince Consort.

'Sale bosch!' she said (for there had been another war; this time against the Germans).

'Sheets for a double bed,' Orlando repeated dreamily, for a double bed with a silver counterpane in a room fitted in a taste which she now thought perhaps a little vulgar--all in silver; but she had furnished it when she had a passion for that metal. While the man went to get sheets for a double bed, she took out a little looking-glass and a powder puff. Women were not nearly as roundabout in their ways, she thought, powdering herself with the greatest unconcern, as they had been when she herself first turned woman and lay on the deck of the "Enamoured Lady". She gave her nose the right tint deliberately. She never touched her cheeks. Honestly, though she was now thirty-six, she scarcely looked a day older. She looked just as pouting, as sulky, as handsome, as rosy (like a million-candled Christmas tree, Sasha had said) as she had done that day on the ice, when the Thames was frozen and they had gone skating--

'The best Irish linen, Ma'am,' said the shopman, spreading the sheets on the counter,--and they had met an old woman picking up sticks. Here, as she was fingering the linen abstractedly, one of the swing-doors between the departments opened and let through, perhaps from the fancy-goods department, a whiff of scent, waxen, tinted as if from pink candles, and the scent curved like a shell round a figure--was it a boy's or was it a girl's--young, slender, seductive--a girl, by God! furred, pearled, in Russian trousers; but faithless, faithless!

'Faithless!' cried Orlando (the man had gone) and all the shop seemed to pitch and toss with yellow water and far off she saw the masts of the Russian ship standing out to sea, and then, miraculously (perhaps the door opened again) the conch which the scent had made became a platform, a dais, off which stepped a fat, furred woman, marvellously well preserved, seductive, diademed, a Grand Duke's mistress; she who, leaning over the banks of the Volga, eating sandwiches, had watched men drown; and began walking down the shop towards her.

'Oh Sasha!' Orlando cried. Really, she was shocked that she should have come to this; she had grown so fat; so lethargic; and she bowed her head over the linen so that this apparition of a grey woman in fur, and a girl in Russian trousers, with all these smells of wax candles, white flowers, and old ships that it brought with it might pass behind her back unseen.

'Any napkins, towels, dusters today, Ma'am?' the shopman persisted. And it is enormously to the credit of the shopping list, which Orlando now consulted, that she was able to reply with every appearance of composure, that there was only one thing in the world she wanted and that was bath salts; which was in another department.

But descending in the lift again--so insidious is the repetition of any scene--she was again sunk far beneath the present moment; and thought when the lift bumped on the ground, that she heard a pot broken against a river bank. As for finding the right department, whatever it might be, she stood engrossed among the handbags, deaf to the suggestions of all the polite, black, combed, sprightly shop assistants, who descending as they did equally and some of them, perhaps, as proudly, even from such depths of the past as she did, chose to let down the impervious screen of the present so that today they appeared shop assistants in Marshall & Snelgrove's merely. Orlando stood there hesitating. Through the great glass doors she could see the traffic in Oxford Street. Omnibus seemed to pile itself upon omnibus and then to jerk itself apart. So the ice blocks had pitched and tossed that day on the Thames. An old nobleman--in furred slippers had sat astride one of them. There he went--she could see him now--calling down maledictions upon the Irish rebels. He had sunk there, where her car stood.

'Time has passed over me,' she thought, trying to collect herself; 'this is the oncome of middle age. How strange it is! Nothing is any longer one thing. I take up a handbag and I think of an old bumboat woman frozen in the ice. Someone lights a pink candle and I see a girl in Russian trousers. When I step out of doors--as I do now,' here she stepped on to the pavement of Oxford Street, 'what is it that I taste? Little herbs. I hear goat bells. I see mountains. Turkey? India? Persia?' Her eyes filled with tears.

That Orlando had gone a little too far from the present moment will, perhaps, strike the reader who sees her now preparing to get into her motor-car with her eyes full of tears and visions of Persian mountains. And indeed, it cannot be denied that the most successful practitioners of the art of life, often unknown people by the way, somehow contrive to synchronize the sixty or seventy different times which beat simultaneously in every normal human system so that when eleven strikes, all the rest chime in unison, and the present is neither a violent disruption nor completely forgotten in the past. Of them we can justly say that they live precisely the sixty-eight or seventy-two years allotted them on the tombstone. Of the rest some we know to be dead though they walk among us; some are not yet born though they go through the forms of life; others are hundreds of years old though they call themselves thirty-six. The true length of a person's life, whatever the "Dictionary of National Biography" may say, is always a matter of dispute. For it is a difficult business--this time-keeping; nothing more quickly disorders it than contact with any of the arts; and it may have been her love of poetry that was to blame for making Orlando lose her shopping list and start home without the sardines, the bath salts, or the boots. Now as she stood with her hand on the door of her motor-car, the present again struck her on the head. Eleven times she was violently assaulted.

'Confound it all!' she cried, for it is a great shock to the nervous system, hearing a clock strike--so much so that for some time now there is nothing to be said of her save that she frowned slightly, changed her gears admirably, and cried out, as before, 'Look where you're going!' 'Don't you know your own mind?' 'Why didn't you say so then?' while the motor-car shot, swung, squeezed, and slid, for she was an expert driver, down Regent Street, down Haymarket, down Northumberland Avenue, over Westminster Bridge, to the left, straight on, to the right, straight on again...

The Old Kent Road was very crowded on Thursday, the eleventh of October 1928. People spilt off the pavement. There were women with shopping bags. Children ran out. There were sales at drapers' shops. Streets widened and narrowed. Long vistas steadily shrunk together. Here was a market. Here a funeral. Here a procession with banners upon which was written 'Ra--Un', but what else? Meat was very red. Butchers stood at the door. Women almost had their heels sliced off. Amor Vin-- that was over a porch. A woman looked out of a bedroom window, profoundly contemplative, and very still. Applejohn and Applebed, Undert--. Nothing could be seen whole or read from start to finish. What was seen begun--like two friends starting to meet each other across the street--was never seen ended. After twenty minutes the body and mind were like scraps of torn paper tumbling from a sack and, indeed, the process of motoring fast out of London so much resembles the chopping up small of identity which precedes unconsciousness and perhaps death itself that it is an open question in what sense Orlando can be said to have existed at the present moment. Indeed we should have given her over for a person entirely disassembled were it not that here, at last, one green screen was held out on the right, against which the little bits of paper fell more slowly; and then another was held out on the left so that one could see the separate scraps now turning over by themselves in the air; and then green screens were held continuously on either side, so that her mind regained the illusion of holding things within itself and she saw a cottage, a farmyard and four cows, all precisely life-size.

When this happened, Orlando heaved a sigh of relief, lit a cigarette, and puffed for a minute or two in silence. Then she called hesitatingly, as if the person she wanted might not be there, 'Orlando? For if there are (at a venture) seventy-six different times all ticking in the mind at once, how many different people are there not--Heaven help us--all having lodgment at one time or another in the human spirit? Some say two thousand and fifty-two. So that it is the most usual thing in the world for a person to call, directly they are alone, Orlando? (if that is one's name) meaning by that, Come, come! I'm sick to death of this particular self. I want another. Hence, the astonishing changes we see in our friends. But it is not altogether plain sailing, either, for though one may say, as Orlando said (being out in the country and needing another self presumably) Orlando? still the Orlando she needs may not come; these selves of which we are built up, one on top of another, as plates are piled on a waiter's hand, have attachments elsewhere, sympathies, little constitutions and rights of their own, call them what you will (and for many of these things there is no name) so that one will only come if it is raining, another in a room with green curtains, another when Mrs Jones is not there, another if you can promise it a glass of wine--and so on; for everybody can multiply from his own experience the different terms which his different selves have made with him--and some are too wildly ridiculous to be mentioned in print at all.

So Orlando, at the turn by the barn, called 'Orlando?' with a note of interrogation in her voice and waited. Orlando did not come.

'All right then,' Orlando said, with the good humour people practise on these occasions; and tried another. For she had a great variety of selves to call upon, far more than we have been able to find room for, since a biography is considered complete if it merely accounts for six or seven selves, whereas a person may well have as many thousand. Choosing then, only those selves we have found room for, Orlando may now have called on the boy who cut the nigger's head down; the boy who strung it up again; the boy who sat on the hill; the boy who saw the poet; the boy who handed the Queen the bowl of rose water; or she may have called upon the young man who fell in love with Sasha; or upon the Courtier; or upon the Ambassador; or upon the Soldier; or upon the Traveller; or she may have wanted the woman to come to her; the Gipsy; the Fine Lady; the Hermit; the girl in love with life; the Patroness of Letters; the woman who called Mar (meaning hot baths and evening fires) or Shelmerdine (meaning crocuses in autumn woods) or Bonthrop (meaning the death we die daily) or all three together--which meant more things than we have space to write out--all were different and she may have called upon any one of them.

Perhaps; but what appeared certain (for we are now in the region of 'perhaps' and 'appears') was that the one she needed most kept aloof, for she was, to hear her talk, changing her selves as quickly as she drove--there was a new one at every corner--as happens when, for some unaccountable reason, the conscious self, which is the uppermost, and has the power to desire, wishes to be nothing but one self. This is what some people call the true self, and it is, they say, compact of all the selves we have it in us to be; commanded and locked up by the Captain self, the Key self, which amalgamates and controls them all. Orlando was certainly seeking this self as the reader can judge from overhearing her talk as she drove (and if it is rambling talk, disconnected, trivial, dull, and sometimes unintelligible, it is the reader's fault for listening to a lady talking to herself; we only copy her words as she spoke them, adding in brackets which self in our opinion is speaking, but in this we may well be wrong).

'What then? Who then?' she said. 'Thirty-six; in a motor-car; a woman. Yes, but a million other things as well. A snob am I? The garter in the hall? The leopards? My ancestors? Proud of them? Yes! Greedy, luxurious, vicious? Am I? (here a new self came in). Don't care a damn if I am. Truthful? I think so. Generous? Oh, but that don't count (here a new self came in). Lying in bed of a morning listening to the pigeons on fine linen; silver dishes; wine; maids; footmen. Spoilt? Perhaps. Too many things for nothing. Hence my books (here she mentioned fifty classical titles; which represented, so we think, the early romantic works that she tore up). Facile, glib, romantic. But (here another self came in) a duffer, a fumbler. More clumsy I couldn't be. And--and--(here she hesitated for a word and if we suggest 'Love' we may be wrong, but certainly she laughed and blushed and then cried out--) A toad set in emeralds! Harry the Archduke! Blue-bottles on the ceiling! (here another self came in). But Nell, Kit, Sasha? (she was sunk in gloom: tears actually shaped themselves and she had long given over crying). Trees, she said. (Here another self came in.) I love trees (she was passing a clump) growing there a thousand years. And barns (she passed a tumbledown barn at the edge of the road). And sheep dogs (here one came trotting across the road. She carefully avoided it). And the night. But people (here another self came in). People? (She repeated it as a question.) I don't know. Chattering, spiteful, always telling lies. (Here she turned into the High Street of her native town, which was crowded, for it was market day, with farmers, and shepherds, and old women with hens in baskets.) I like peasants. I understand crops. But (here another self came skipping over the top of her mind like the beam from a lighthouse). Fame! (She laughed.) Fame! Seven editions. A prize. Photographs in the evening papers (here she alluded to the 'Oak Tree' and 'The Burdett Coutts' Memorial Prize which she had won; and we must snatch space to remark how discomposing it is for her biographer that this culmination to which the whole book moved, this peroration with which the book was to end, should be dashed from us on a laugh casually like this; but the truth is that when we write of a woman, everything is out of place--culminations and perorations; the accent never falls where it does with a man). Fame! she repeated. A poet--a charlatan; both every morning as regularly as the post comes in. To dine, to meet; to meet, to dine; fame--fame! (She had here to slow down to pass through the crowd of market people. But no one noticed her. A porpoise in a fishmonger's shop attracted far more attention than a lady who had won a prize and might, had she chosen, have worn three coronets one on top of another on her brow.) Driving very slowly she now hummed as if it were part of an old song, 'With my guineas I'll buy flowering trees, flowering trees, flowering trees and walk among my flowering trees and tell my sons what fame is'. So she hummed, and now all her words began to sag here and there like a barbaric necklace of heavy beads. 'And walk among my flowering trees,' she sang, accenting the words strongly, 'and see the moon rise slow, the waggons go...' Here she stopped short and looked ahead of her intently at the bonnet of the car in profound meditation.

'He sat at Twitchett's table,' she mused, 'with a dirty ruff on...Was it old Mr Baker come to measure the timber? Or was it Sh-p--re? (for when we speak names we deeply reverence to ourselves we never speak them whole.) She gazed for ten minutes ahead of her, letting the car come almost to a standstill.

'Haunted!' she cried, suddenly pressing the accelerator. 'Haunted! ever since I was a child. There flies the wild goose. It flies past the window out to sea. Up I jumped (she gripped the steering-wheel tighter) and stretched after it. But the goose flies too fast. I've seen it, here--there--there--England, Persia, Italy. Always it flies fast out to sea and always I fling after it words like nets (here she flung her hand out) which shrivel as I've seen nets shrivel drawn on deck with only sea-weed in them; and sometimes there's an inch of silver--six words--in the bottom of the net. But never the great fish who lives in the coral groves.' Here she bent her head, pondering deeply.

And it was at this moment, when she had ceased to call 'Orlando' and was deep in thoughts of something else, that the Orlando whom she had called came of its own accord; as was proved by the change that now came over her (she had passed through the lodge gates and was entering the park).

The whole of her darkened and settled, as when some foil whose addition makes the round and solidity of a surface is added to it, and the shallow becomes deep and the near distant; and all is contained as water is contained by the sides of a well. So she was now darkened, stilled, and become, with the addition of this Orlando, what is called, rightly or wrongly, a single self, a real self. And she fell silent. For it is probable that when people talk aloud, the selves (of which there may be more than two thousand) are conscious of disseverment, and are trying to communicate, but when communication is established they fall silent.

Masterfully, swiftly, she drove up the curving drive between the elms and oaks through the falling turf of the park whose fall was so gentle that had it been water it would have spread the beach with a smooth green tide. Planted here and in solemn groups were beech trees and oak trees. The deer stepped among them, one white as snow, another with its head on one side, for some wire netting had caught in its horns. All this, the trees, deer, and turf, she observed with the greatest satisfaction as if her mind had become a fluid that flowed round things and enclosed them completely. Next minute she drew up in the courtyard where, for so many hundred years she had come, on horseback or in coach and six, with men riding before or coming after; where plumes had tossed, torches flashed, and the same flowering trees that let their leaves drop now had shaken their blossoms. Now she was alone. The autumn leaves were falling. The porter opened the great gates. 'Morning, James,' she said, 'there're some things in the car. Will you bring 'em in?' words of no beauty, interest, or significance themselves, it will be conceded, but now so plumped out with meaning that they fell like ripe nuts from a tree, and proved that when the shrivelled skin of the ordinary is stuffed out with meaning it satisfies the senses amazingly. This was true indeed of every movement and action now, usual though they were; so that to see Orlando change her skirt for a pair of whipcord breeches and leather jacket, which she did in less than three minutes, was to be ravished with the beauty of movement as if Madame Lopokova were using her highest art. Then she strode into the dining-room where her old friends Dryden, Pope, Swift, Addison regarded her demurely at first as who should say Here's the prize winner! but when they reflected that two hundred guineas was in question, they nodded their heads approvingly. Two hundred guineas, they seemed to say; two hundred guineas are not to be sniffed at. She cut herself a slice of bread and ham, clapped the two together and began to eat, striding up and down the room, thus shedding her company habits in a second, without thinking. After five or six such turns, she tossed off a glass of red Spanish wine, and, filling another which she carried in her hand, strode down the long corridor and through a dozen drawing-rooms and so began a perambulation of the house, attended by such elk-hounds and spaniels as chose to follow her.

This, too, was all in the day's routine. As soon would she come home and leave her own grandmother without a kiss as come back and leave the house unvisited. She fancied that the rooms brightened as she came in; stirred, opened their eyes as if they had been dozing in her absence. She fancied, too, that, hundreds and thousands of times as she had seen them, they never looked the same twice, as if so long a life as theirs had stored in them a myriad moods which changed with winter and summer, bright weather and dark, and her own fortunes and the people's characters who visited them. Polite, they always were to strangers, but a little weary: with her, they were entirely open and at their ease. Why not indeed? They had known each other for close on four centuries now. They had nothing to conceal. She knew their sorrows and joys. She knew what age each part of them was and its little secrets--a hidden drawer, a concealed cupboard, or some deficiency perhaps, such as a part made up, or added later. They, too, knew her in all her moods and changes. She had hidden nothing from them; had come to them as boy and woman, crying and dancing, brooding and gay. In this window-seat, she had written her first verses; in that chapel, she had been married. And she would be buried here, she reflected, kneeling on the window-sill in the long gallery and sipping her Spanish wine. Though she could hardly fancy it, the body of the heraldic leopard would be making yellow pools on the floor the day they lowered her to lie among her ancestors. She, who believed in no immortality, could not help feeling that her soul would come and go forever with the reds on the panels and the greens on the sofa. For the room--she had strolled into the Ambassador's bedroom--shone like a shell that has lain at the bottom of the sea for centuries and has been crusted over and painted a million tints by the water; it was rose and yellow, green and sand-coloured. It was frail as a shell, as iridescent and as empty. No Ambassador would ever sleep there again. Ah, but she knew where the heart of the house still beat. Gently opening a door, she stood on the threshold so that (as she fancied) the room could not see her and watched the tapestry rising and falling on the eternal faint breeze which never failed to move it. Still the hunter rode; still Daphne flew. The heart still beat, she thought, however faintly, however far withdrawn; the frail indomitable heart of the immense building.

Now, calling her troop of dogs to her she passed down the gallery whose floor was laid with whole oak trees sawn across. Rows of chairs with all their velvets faded stood ranged against the wall holding their arms out for Elizabeth, for James, for Shakespeare it might be, for Cecil, who never came. The sight made her gloomy. She unhooked the rope that fenced them off. She sat on the Queen's chair; she opened a manuscript book lying on Lady Betty's table; she stirred her fingers in the aged rose leaves; she brushed her short hair with King James' silver brushes: she bounced up and down upon his bed (but no King would ever sleep there again, for all Louise's new sheets) and pressed her cheek against the worn silver counterpane that lay upon it. But everywhere were little lavender bags to keep the moth out and printed notices, 'Please do not touch', which, though she had put them there herself, seemed to rebuke her. The house was no longer hers entirely, she sighed. It belonged to time now; to history; was past the touch and control of the living. Never would beer be spilt here any more, she thought (she was in the bedroom that had been old Nick Greene's), or holes burnt in the carpet. Never two hundred servants come running and brawling down the corridors with warming pans and great branches for the great fireplaces. Never would ale be brewed and candles made and saddles fashioned and stone shaped in the workshops outside the house. Hammers and mallets were silent now. Chairs and beds were empty; tankards of silver and gold were locked in glass cases. The great wings of silence beat up and down the empty house.

So she sat at the end of the gallery with her dogs couched round her, in Queen Elizabeth's hard armchair. The gallery stretched far away to a point where the light almost failed. It was as a tunnel bored deep into the past. As her eyes peered down it, she could see people laughing and talking; the great men she had known; Dryden, Swift, and Pope; and statesmen in colloquy; and lovers dallying in the window-seats; and people eating and drinking at the long tables; and the wood smoke curling round their heads and making them sneeze and cough. Still further down, she saw sets of splendid dancers formed for the quadrille. A fluty, frail, but nevertheless stately music began to play. An organ boomed. A coffin was borne into the chapel. A marriage procession came out of it. Armed men with helmets left for the wars. They brought banners back from Flodden and Poitiers and stuck them on the wall. The long gallery filled itself thus, and still peering further, she thought she could make out at the very end, beyond the Elizabethans and the Tudors, some one older, further, darker, a cowled figure, monastic, severe, a monk, who went with his hands clasped, and a book in them, murmuring--

Like thunder, the stable clock struck four. Never did any earthquake so demolish a whole town. The gallery and all its occupants fell to powder. Her own face, that had been dark and sombre as she gazed, was lit as by an explosion of gunpowder. In this same light everything near her showed with extreme distinctness. She saw two flies circling round and noticed the blue sheen on their bodies; she saw a knot in the wood where her foot was, and her dog's ear twitching. At the same time, she heard a bough creaking in the garden, a sheep coughing in the park, a swift screaming past the window. Her own body quivered and tingled as if suddenly stood naked in a hard frost. Yet, she kept, as she had not done when the clock struck ten in London, complete composure (for she was now one and entire, and presented, it may be, a larger surface to the shock of time). She rose, but without precipitation, called her dogs, and went firmly but with great alertness of movement down the staircase and out into the garden. Here the shadows of the plants were miraculously distinct. She noticed the separate grains of earth in the flower beds as if she had a microscope stuck to her eye. She saw the intricacy of the twigs of every tree. Each blade of grass was distinct and the marking of veins and petals. She saw Stubbs, the gardener, coming along the path, and every button on his gaiters was visible; she saw Betty and Prince, the cart horses, and never had she marked so clearly the white star on Betty's forehead, and the three long hairs that fell down below the rest on Prince's tail. Out in the quadrangle the old grey walls of the house looked like a scraped new photograph; she heard the loud speaker condensing on the terrace a dance tune that people were listening to in the red velvet opera house at Vienna. Braced and strung up by the present moment she was also strangely afraid, as if whenever the gulf of time gaped and let a second through some unknown danger might come with it. The tension was too relentless and too rigorous to be endured long without discomfort. She walked more briskly than she liked, as if her legs were moved for her, through the garden and out into the park. Here she forced herself, by a great effort, to stop by the carpenter's shop, and to stand stock-still watching Joe Stubbs fashion a cart wheel. She was standing with her eye fixed on his hand when the quarter struck. It hurtled through her like a meteor, so hot that no fingers can hold it. She saw with disgusting vividness that the thumb on Joe's right hand was without a finger nail and there was a raised saucer of pink flesh where the nail should have been. The sight was so repulsive that she felt faint for a moment, but in that moment's darkness, when her eyelids flickered, she was relieved of the pressure of the present. There was something strange in the shadow that the flicker of her eyes cast, something which (as anyone can test for himself by looking now at the sky) is always absent from the present--whence its terror, its nondescript character--something one trembles to pin through the body with a name and call beauty, for it has no body, is as a shadow without substance or quality of its own, yet has the power to change whatever it adds itself to. This shadow now, while she flickered her eye in her faintness in the carpenter's shop, stole out, and attaching itself to the innumerable sights she had been receiving, composed them into something tolerable, comprehensible. Her mind began to toss like the sea. Yes, she thought, heaving a deep sigh of relief, as she turned from the carpenter's shop to climb the hill, I can begin to live again. I am by the Serpentine, she thought, the little boat is climbing through the white arch of a thousand deaths. I am about to understand...

Those were her words, spoken quite distinctly, but we cannot conceal the fact that she was now a very indifferent witness to the truth of what was before her and might easily have mistaken a sheep for a cow, or an old man called Smith for one who was called Jones and was no relation of his whatever. For the shadow of faintness which the thumb without a nail had cast had deepened now, at the back of her brain (which is the part furthest from sight), into a pool where things dwell in darkness so deep that what they are we scarcely know. She now looked down into this pool or sea in which everything is reflected--and, indeed, some say that all our most violent passions, and art and religion, are the reflections which we see in the dark hollow at the back of the head when the visible world is obscured for the time. She looked there now, long, deeply, profoundly, and immediately the ferny path up the hill along which she was walking became not entirely a path, but partly the Serpentine; the hawthorn bushes were partly ladies and gentlemen sitting with card-cases and gold-mounted canes; the sheep were partly tall Mayfair houses; everything was partly something else, as if her mind had become a forest with glades branching here and there; things came nearer, and further, and mingled and separated and made the strangest alliances and combinations in an incessant chequer of light and shade. Except when Canute, the elk-hound, chased a rabbit and so reminded her that it must be about half past four--it was indeed twenty-three minutes to six--she forgot the time.

The ferny path led, with many turns and windings, higher and higher to the oak tree, which stood on the top. The tree had grown bigger, sturdier, and more knotted since she had known it, somewhere about the year 1588, but it was still in the prime of life. The little sharply frilled leaves were still fluttering thickly on its branches. Flinging herself on the ground, she felt the bones of the tree running out like ribs from a spine this way and that beneath her. She liked to think that she was riding the back of the world. She liked to attach herself to something hard. As she flung herself down a little square book bound in red cloth fell from the breast of her leather jacket--her poem 'The Oak Tree'. 'I should have brought a trowel,' she reflected. The earth was so shallow over the roots that it seemed doubtful if she could do as she meant and bury the book here. Besides, the dogs would dig it up. No luck ever attends these symbolical celebrations, she thought. Perhaps it would be as well then to do without them. She had a little speech on the tip of her tongue which she meant to speak over the book as she buried it. (It was a copy of the first edition, signed by author and artist.) 'I bury this as a tribute,' she was going to have said, 'a return to the land of what the land has given me,' but Lord! once one began mouthing words aloud, how silly they sounded! She was reminded of old Greene getting upon a platform the other day comparing her with Milton (save for his blindness) and handing her a cheque for two hundred guineas. She had thought then, of the oak tree here on its hill, and what has that got to do with this, she had wondered? What has praise and fame to do with poetry? What has seven editions (the book had already gone into no less) got to do with the value of it? Was not writing poetry a secret transaction, a voice answering a voice? So that all this chatter and praise and blame and meeting people who admired one and meeting people who did not admire one was as ill suited as could be to the thing itself--a voice answering a voice. What could have been more secret, she thought, more slow, and like the intercourse of lovers, than the stammering answer she had made all these years to the old crooning song of the woods, and the farms and the brown horses standing at the gate, neck to neck, and the smithy and the kitchen and the fields, so laboriously bearing wheat, turnips, grass, and the garden blowing irises and fritillaries?

So she let her book lie unburied and dishevelled on the ground, and watched the vast view, varied like an ocean floor this evening with the sun lightening it and the shadows darkening it. There was a village with a church tower among elm trees; a grey domed manor house in a park; a spark of light burning on some glass-house; a farmyard with yellow corn stacks. The fields were marked with black tree clumps, and beyond the fields stretched long woodlands, and there was the gleam of a river, and then hills again. In the far distance Snowdon's crags broke white among the clouds; she saw the far Scottish hills and the wild tides that swirl about the Hebrides. She listened for the sound of gun-firing out at sea. No--only the wind blew. There was no war to-day. Drake had gone; Nelson had gone. 'And there', she thought, letting her eyes, which had been looking at these far distances, drop once more to the land beneath her, 'was my land once: that Castle between the downs was mine; and all that moor running almost to the sea was mine.' Here the landscape (it must have been some trick of the fading light) shook itself, heaped itself, let all this encumbrance of houses, castles, and woods slide off its tent-shaped sides. The bare mountains of Turkey were before her. It was blazing noon. She looked straight at the baked hill-side. Goats cropped the sandy tufts at her feet. An eagle soared above. The raucous voice of old Rustum, the gipsy, croaked in her ears, 'What is your antiquity and your race, and your possessions compared with this? What do you need with four hundred bedrooms and silver lids on all your dishes, and housemaids dusting?'

At this moment some church clock chimed in the valley. The tent-like landscape collapsed and fell. The present showered down upon her head once more, but now that the light was fading, gentlier than before, calling into view nothing detailed, nothing small, but only misty fields, cottages with lamps in them, the slumbering bulk of a wood, and a fan-shaped light pushing the darkness before it along some lane. Whether it had struck nine, ten, or eleven, she could not say. Night had come--night that she loved of all times, night in which the reflections in the dark pool of the mind shine more clearly than by day. It was not necessary to faint now in order to look deep into the darkness where things shape themselves and to see in the pool of the mind now Shakespeare, now a girl in Russian trousers, now a toy boat on the Serpentine, and then the Atlantic itself, where it storms in great waves past Cape Horn. She looked into the darkness. There was her husband's brig, rising to the top of the wave! Up, it went, and up and up. The white arch of a thousand deaths rose before it. Oh rash, oh ridiculous man, always sailing, so uselessly, round Cape Horn in the teeth of a gale! But the brig was through the arch and out on the other side; it was safe at last!

'Ecstasy!' she cried, 'ecstasy!' And then the wind sank, the waters grew calm; and she saw the waves rippling peacefully in the moonlight.

'Marmaduke Bonthrop Shelmerdine!' she cried, standing by the oak tree.

The beautiful, glittering name fell out of the sky like a steel-blue feather. She watched it fall, turning and twisting like a slow-falling arrow that cleaves the deep air beautifully. He was coming, as he always came, in moments of dead calm; when the wave rippled and the spotted leaves fell slowly over her foot in the autumn woods; when the leopard was still; the moon was on the waters, and nothing moved in between sky and sea. Then he came.

All was still now. It was near midnight. The moon rose slowly over the weald. Its light raised a phantom castle upon earth. There stood the great house with all its windows robed in silver. Of wall or substance there was none. All was phantom. All was still. All was lit as for the coming of a dead Queen. Gazing below her, Orlando saw dark plumes tossing in the courtyard, and torches flickering and shadows kneeling. A Queen once more stepped from her chariot.

'The house is at your service, Ma'am,' she cried, curtseying deeply. 'Nothing has been changed. The dead Lord, my father, shall lead you in.'

As she spoke, the first stroke of midnight sounded. The cold breeze of the present brushed her face with its little breath of fear. She looked anxiously into the sky. It was dark with clouds now. The wind roared in her ears. But in the roar of the wind she heard the roar of an aeroplane coming nearer and nearer.

'Here! Shel, here!' she cried, baring her breast to the moon (which now showed bright) so that her pearls glowed--like the eggs of some vast moon-spider. The aeroplane rushed out of the clouds and stood over her head. It hovered above her. Her pearls burnt like a phosphorescent flare in the darkness.

And as Shelmerdine, now grown a fine sea captain, hale, fresh-coloured, and alert, leapt to the ground, there sprang up over his head a single wild bird.

'It is the goose!' Orlando cried. 'The wild goose...'

And the twelfth stroke of midnight sounded; the twelfth stroke of midnight, Thursday, the eleventh of October, Nineteen hundred and Twenty Eight.